comment: No man's sky and COD ww2. Polar opposites



comment: Ark survival evolved and war thunder



comment: Apex and pavlov



comment: Shadow of war and gta



comment: pavlov and gta5



comment: Mafia & War Thunder... So.... Italy tech tree Reserves?



comment: Animal crossing and astroneer



comment: Enlisted and chivalry 2



comment: No man’s sky, farming sim 22. Interplanetary farming hellllll yeah



comment: Tarkov and elden ring. Can you tell im insufferable?



comment: Halo Reach and Dark Souls 2. Thats just Halo 2.



comment: Fallout 3 and nfs carbon



comment: Stick fight the game and metal hellsinger?



comment: Borderlands 2 and fallout 4



comment: The Forest and Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney



comment: Wolfenstein and fireteam aliens???!!!



comment: Mass effect 1 and 2, uhh



comment: Deep rock galactic and strive ( the vr platforming game)



comment: FO4 and Particle Fleet Emergence.... erm... wtf?



comment: Nioh 2 and Skyrim. Japanese mythology meets norse mythology



comment: Skyrim and red dead redemption two. Hmmmmm



comment: Forza horizon 5 and Pubg. Any guesses how that would turn out? I’m going with sort of like Death Race



comment: MLB The Show and Stick of Truth. A South Park baseball game? Absolutely down.



comment: Tarkov and 7 days to die Should be fun



comment: hell yeah vrchat and hollow knight. vr hollow knight would be fuckin sick



comment: Tarkov and Empire at war. So, Star wars themed tarkov



comment: Pixel Dungeon and Wordscapes...



comment: SoulcaliburV and Borderlands the PreSequal



comment: Skyrim and gta 4



comment: Fallout New Vagas and just cause 3



comment: Valorant and new world



comment: Elden ring and cod zombies



comment: Monster hunter rise and dead by daylight



comment: Metal Gear Rising Revengeance and Among Us



comment: I played rainbow 6 siege and rainbow 6 extraction, so its not that intresting, before that was kcd, so its basically just for honor, before that was shinobi striker that might be intresting. Siege but with ninjas. I got shot, substitution ability!



comment: star citizen and hell let loose, who’s ready for space ww2



comment: Seige and dark souls 3, how tf would that work



comment: BOTW and doom eternal



comment: Dbd and elden ring



comment: Divinity 2 and KH2, I’m not even sure what to say about that.



comment: Transformers:Forged to Fight and Apex Legends... So Titanfall 2



comment: Smash Bros and Borderlands 3



comment: Minecraft and I can’t remember but glory to artoztska



comment: Hades and subnautica, so some mythology ocean escape game :)



comment: Destiny 2 and pokemon. I just imagine Mewtwo holding gjallerhorn



comment: Astroneer and Slime Rancher.



comment: Bioshock and Bioshock 2



comment: Geometry Dash and Clash of Clans



comment: GTA V and Battlefront 2



comment: Kirby and Lego Star Wars



comment: Assassins creed: Valhalla and war thunder



comment: Haven and Stardew Valley.



comment: 7 days to die and ryse son of rome. Fucking ballin, in other words



comment: Borderlands 3 and chivalry



comment: terraria and vega conflict. how the fuck do you do that?



comment: minecraft and R6 Siege



comment: Elden ring and Minecraft



comment: Spiritfarer and a hentai game



comment: Maneater and SSBM



comment: Dead rising and red dead redemption 2



comment: Ace combat 7 borderlands 3



comment: Cookie clicker and overwatch. You tell me



comment: GTA V and xenoverse 2



comment: Stardew Valley and Monster Hunter Rise. Yeehaw, but in what direction…?



comment: Naraka Bladepoint and Smite... weird



comment: Ghostbusters and Forza Horizon. I can dig it.



comment: Monster hunter + factorio...



comment: Enlisted and apex



comment: Titanfall 2 and Elden Ring



comment: sekiro Fortnite



comment: Rust and undertale, hmmm



comment: Minecraft and greenhell



comment: Gta v and skyrim



comment: Tarkov and ark would probably be used as a punishment more than a game



comment: Resident Evil 2 and Final Fantasy 7. Nice



comment: Soul caliber and oblivion



comment: Elden ring and minecraft



comment: FF14 + Gmod



comment: Warframe and dead by daylight



comment: Red dead and odyssey.



comment: Everquest + Elden Ring 🤔🤔



comment: Dark souls 3 and Bloodborne ☠️



comment: Back 4 Blood and Elden Ring. Fuck.



comment: Fallout and call of duty



comment: Stardew Valley and Farcry 4



comment: Doki doki literature club and Persona 5 royal



comment: World of Warships and Ark:Survival Evolved



comment: Fallout 4 and rainbow six siege?



comment: Binding of issac and Guilty Gear Strive. Biblically themed fighting game where we use disgusting power ups to break the fukin game



comment: Hotline Miami and VRChat? So just Vr Hotline Miami? That would be fucking cool



comment: Super Smash Bros and Super Mario Party



comment: Borderlands3 and Lego incredibles 🤔



comment: Ff7 remake and resident evil 2 remake. Not bad



comment: 7 days to die and ror2... So 7 days to die but with more enemies and loot



comment: Cyberpunk2077 and hell let loose. So futuristic, tactical, trench warfare with cyberware and shit... sounds badass



comment: Assassins creed and elden ring



comment: Cuphead and Mario strikers (gamecube)



comment: Morrowind and rome remastered. I would love an elder scrolls total war



comment: Assassins creed Valhalla and elden ring baby



comment: Elden ring and bloodbowl 2. Im so scared and pretty sure im gonna die



comment: Destiny 2 and insurgency sandstorm



comment: Rainbow six seige and modern warfare bruh Captain Price and Thatcher would go hand in hand



comment: Bioshock and Rocket League



comment: Hearts of Iron 4 and Dark Souls



comment: Gears of Halo



comment: Persona 1 and Persona 5 Strikers. Two wildly different games



comment: Rocket league and among us



comment: Cuphead and just cause 3



comment: Battlefield V and Kerbal Space Program



comment: Apex and toon town



comment: I'd love to play an elden ring rts



comment: Witcher 3 Wild Hunt and Mafia 2. Trying to decide if I like gangsters with swords or D&D with guns



comment: Gtav minecraft. Pretty dam good



comment: Elden Ring and The Artful Escape. 🤔



comment: Oh no. Tiny tinas wonderlands and siege



comment: Dark souls and Bloodborne



comment: Minecraft and Xv2



comment: Left 4 Dead / Warframe



comment: Elden Ring and Earth Wars... Dark pay to win tower defense. Could be interesting.



comment: Warzone and vr poker



comment: Among Us and Team Fortress 2



comment: Doom eternal and elden ring.



comment: The forest and battlefield one 🤔



comment: Wolfenstein and doom,



comment: Warframe and weed shop 3



comment: Look up a game called Century age of ashes, pretty close to what you've mended



comment: Destiny 2 and minecraft. I just imagine this as a Destiny 2 DLC thats similar to 30th anniversary, with a dungeon and event thats completely minecraft themed, like perhaps minecraft enemies and weapons, exotic bow and diamond sword. Id pay for this



comment: Fallout 4 and gta5, sounds kinda rad



comment: Hell let loose and fallout nv



comment: Minecraft and escapists



comment: Microsoft simulator : Topgun Maverick and Rocket league



comment: Apex and halo



comment: Fortnite, and diablo 3.



comment: Maneater and Far Cry 6…Megalodon vs Giancarlo Esposito????



comment: A modern day F16 fighter jet vs the dragon from the hobbit (I'm not a nerd, I don't remember it's name)



comment: minecraft and tabletop simulator, so a shitty board game minecraft



comment: Spelunky 2 and smash bros. This could be fun



comment: Gta and Fortnite



comment: Halo wars 2 and cyberpunk



comment: Civ IV and elden ring. Uhhhhh



comment: Elden Ring and COD



comment: Tekken 7 and Elden ring. Gonna get a 10 hit combo on Malenia



comment: Sea of thieves and skyrim



comment: Kotor 1 and kotor 2...



comment: Sniper elite and fallout 4



comment: Roblox and Subnautica. Nah, that ain't it chief.



comment: Roblox and Elden Ring. So just Elden Ring but with Roblox aesthetic



comment: Deus ex and fallout, pretty cool combo. Adam Jenson would be unstoppable



comment: Payday2 and 7 Days to Die. Those clowns will either be very happy or very upset about society collapsing lol



comment: Katana Zero, and Stalker



comment: Diablo 3 and dark souls 3..



comment: Total War Warhammer 3 and Poppy Playtime



comment: Mortal kombat annihilation and elden ring...



comment: Friday the 13th and the devil may cry reboot



comment: Elden Ring and World of Warships



comment: Fortnite-ufc4...could be fun



comment: Destiny 2 and Devil May Cry 5.



comment: L4D2 + Team Fortress 2. Interesting



comment: RDR2 and 7DTD



comment: Skyrim and papers please



comment: Fortnite and rocket league interesting



comment: Archero and subnautica below zero.



comment: Sea of thieves and subnautica. Basically nothing has changed.



comment: Kirby and Fire Emblem Three Hopes. How does this work?



comment: Monster hunter rise and hunt showdown



comment: Splatoon and pinball for the NES



comment: War zone/ elden ring. Battle royal mele style



comment: Escape from tarkov and Halo



comment: Damn. Lotta people play war thunder. Surprising.



comment: Souldiers and full metal furies.



comment: Rust and subnautica I’m not sure how it would work



comment: Terraria and Tomadachi Life



comment: Monster hunter and elden ring, oh god



comment: World of Warships and HOI4...



comment: Echo Arena and Minecraft… Space Frisbee and Block Survival? That could be a badass mix



comment: Smite and Garry’s Mod



comment: Rdr2 and minecraft



comment: Mlb the Show 20 and Need for Speed the Run. I have no idea how to combine those 2



comment: Genshin Impact and COD. Gonna be crazy shooting people with elemental powers.



comment: Roblox and tarkov.



comment: Pokemon legends Arceus and fortnite



comment: Breath of the Wild and Jurassic World Evolution



comment: Skyrim and Subnautica... Feck...



comment: Minecraft and SWBFII



comment: 



comment: Gears of war 3 and fallout 2



comment: Crossout and warthunder I’d be interesting



comment: Minecraft and Cod WW2



comment: Minecraft andwar thunder just sounds like mods



comment: Elden ring and borderlands. Either elden ring gets guns, or this turns into tiny tina's wonderland, but alot harder.



comment: Valorant and Teardown. Is this just really bad R6?



comment: Smash bros ultimate and Jackbox 7..



comment: NHL 22 and Back 4 Blood



comment: TrailMakers and Just Cause 3.



comment: Sea of thieves and squad. I mean, teamwork?



comment: RDR2 Cold war



comment: Fire Emblem and Dying Light. Not the worst.



comment: Diablo and Apex



comment: Star Wars Battlefront 2 and Alien Fireteam Elite



comment: Dead space and the long dark



comment: Cold War zombies and Witcher 3



comment: Frostpunk and skyrim vr



comment: Vrchat and Arma 3



comment: Destiny 2 and Crypt of the Necrodancer. Oh boy...



comment: Hades and mariokart



comment: team fortress classic and vrchat, i may not be wasting my money after all in vr time



comment: project zomboid and deep rock, it’s going to be a blood bath. Idk who’s blood though



comment: V rising and Cepheus Protocol



comment: Destiny 2 and escape from tarkov



comment: Marvel's Spider-Man and Dungeon Defenders. Lol dope



comment: Roblox phantom forces, and Runescape 3..... actaully not a bad idea



comment: MLB the show 22 and madden 22



comment: If non-video games count, Trailer Park Boys: Greasy Money and DND



comment: Rocket league and Minecraft sounds boring



comment: Rust and minecraft



comment: Skyrim and Beatsaber



comment: God of war 2018 and fire emblem 3 houses



comment: Battlefield 1 and Forza Horizon 5



comment: Rainbow 6 extraction and call of duty cold war. The best zombie game in existence?



comment: Minecraft and rimworld. So just like a first person rimworld???



comment: Star citizen and MechWarrior 5



comment: Minecraft and Maid of Sker.



comment: Minecraft and pokemon bdsp



comment: Slime rancher and pokemon mystery dungeon: explorers of sky. I wanna say i'm fine in a world with pokemon and my bouncy boys



comment: Apex Legends and COD Modern Warfare



comment: Red Dead Repemption 2 and Cyberpunk 2077. Ill love to play Space Cowboys



comment: Valheim and Halo



comment: Mega man and master duel, I don’t see it working



comment: XCOM: Enemy Within & Destiny 2



comment: No mans sky and monster hunter world



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and For Honor........what?



comment: Bioshock 2 and Jedi Fallen Order. Subject Delta vs 2nd sister?



comment: Gta V and astroneers



comment: Overwatch and valorant so it’s like the same game but like worse ig



comment: Days gone and ghost of Tsushima. Samurai vs zombies would be dope



comment: Minecraft and Elden ring. Either Minecraft combat got another overhaul or there’s a LOT more crafting in Elden ring



comment: Osrs and fallout 4



comment: Terraria and Darkwood. I'm fucking dead unless I get lucky and find a slime staff or some shit



comment: Halo and Hydro Thunder. Master Chief races boats on his days off.



comment: Let it die and Skyrim



comment: Last games Ive played was Stalker and the old Battlefront 2. Could probably be clone lore.



comment: Breath of the wild and Elite Dangerous... fucking dope.



comment: Elden ring and persona 5 strikers



comment: Beat saber and red dead redemption 2



comment: Rust and mario cart



comment: Warzone and super smash bros



comment: No mans sky and guardians of the Galaxy



comment: Far cry 5 and infamous



comment: Metal gear rising revengance and elden ring ? Sounds cool fr



comment: A game were an modern army fights a fantasy army would be pretty fucking dope.



comment: Bloons tower defense and world of warcraft



comment: War thunder and titanfall



comment: Apex and astroneer



comment: Minecraft and Batman Arkham Origins



comment: You’re mom and your step mom, Super Mommy Milkers



comment: Borderlands and rainbow 6 vegas 2, tactical loot and shoot



comment: Injustice and elden ring



comment: Minecraft and the crew. Imma be real I would not play whatever game that creates. I guess like banjo and kazooey nuts and bolts?



comment: League of legends and world of Warcraft, pretty sure riot is already making this a game



comment: Breath of the wild and no mans land



comment: Welcome to savage planet and amongus



comment: Hood: Outlaws and Legends and RDR2. Wild west heist game?



comment: Apex legends and Ark survival evolved. Huh...



comment: Mass effect and 2k. Bro i wanna see garrus cross up a reaper



comment: Smash bros, Minecraft



comment: Destiny 2 and Bioshock... ya idk



comment: Puzzle and dragons and girls frontline 2



comment: Destiny 2 and Risk of Rain 2...i guess it could work...?



comment: Valorant and apex doesn’t sound bad



comment: 7 days to die and darkest dungeon 2 not sure what that would look like



comment: GTA online and Jedi: Fallen Order. I like where this is going.



comment: Monster Hunter World and Gwent. That's just a super-sized Witcher story



comment: Fortnite and zombie tsunami



comment: Star Wars BattleFront 2(The good one) and The Forest



comment: Cod and kindergarten



comment: Apex and Witcher 3



comment: Empire at war and fallout 4? A post galactic apocalypse in the Star Wars galaxy sounds awesome



comment: Gundam battle op 2 and Hunt:showdown. So probably NeonGenisis Evangelion the battle royal



comment: Peggle and Fire Emblem. Not exactly sure how that works



comment: Divinity 2 and doom



comment: Dark souls and portal, hmm actually could be interesting



comment: Animal crossing and skryim??



comment: Arma 3, and war thunder.



comment: Enter the Gungeon and Risk of Rain 2. matches pretty well



comment: Fuck Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 and The Forest..... Mark me down as Scared and Horny



comment: Diablo immortal and diablo 3...



comment: Chivalry2 and apex?



comment: Apex Legends and Deep Rock Galactic. A BR in the mine of Hoxxes and being Dwarves. Sounds pretty baller



comment: Elden ring and ratchet and clank



comment: Vlaorant and elder scrolls online



comment: Destiny 2 and triangle strategy "turn based looter rpg with a deep story and compelling characters" "SHIT THATS JUST XCOM"



comment: Monster hunter world, risk of rain 2



comment: Vigor and Total War: Shogun 2



comment: Red Dead 2 and Zero Hour....tactical saloon fight?



comment: Just Cause 3 and Project Zomboid, huh



comment: reddead2 eldenring, Hop off torrent with my bolt action and give shardbarrer Colm odriscol the most confusing ass beating of his life when i spirit summon Sean.



comment: Animal crossing and super smash… they kinda did already?



comment: Forza Horizon 5 and CoD MW 2019. So Gta 5?



comment: Fortnite and Pokemon Unite. Fortnite MOBA I guess?



comment: Gorilla tag and halo infinite



comment: Payday 2 and dying light 2



comment: Century age of ashes? Played it like once but that sounds like it.



comment: No man’s sky and apex legends



comment: HoI4 and Rimworld. That would be fun as hell



comment: Overwatch and Wildermyth... Thatd be really cool but probably incredibly difficult to execute.



comment: Elden ring and valorent



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and mordhau hmmm



comment: Rb6 siege and Minecraft



comment: Skate 3 fallout 4 🤔



comment: Pso2 NGS and Minecraft



comment: Forza horizon and Snowrunner, so mudrunner



comment: Dr Mario Punch-Out. NES version



comment: Aragami 2 and NHL 2022



comment: Foxhole and DayZ. Basically just Arma with zombies I guess but itd be super in depth.



comment: Smash bros ultimate and RDR2



comment: Trail riders and ark.... so I guess Ark



comment: Skyrim 2077



comment: I’m shook mine would be Rust and Smite 🤣



comment: Foxhole and Destiny 2



comment: Assassin's Creed and super Mario Galaxy



comment: Medieval Dynasty and Settlement Survival so pretty much same



comment: Barotrauma and League of Legends



comment: Halo CE and Destiny 2



comment: God I'd kill for a dogfight game vs dragons



comment: ELDEN RING+ BF2 OMFG FUCK YES.



comment: Grim quest and Prospector... It's just Rust and Dark Souls, fun.



comment: Payday 2 + Star Trek online



comment: Doom eternal and elden ring, could be interesting



comment: Diablo 2 and world of war ships



comment: Insurgency Sandstorm and unturned



comment: Halo infinite and Battlefield 4



comment: Gta v and world of tanks... Kinda like my odds not gonna lie



comment: Mad max and csgo sounds dope



comment: Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga & Sly Cooper 2



comment: Skyrim and Halo Reach



comment: Pokemon y and minecraft. It's just the fucking pixelmon mod



comment: Thats kind like century age of ashe or whatever.



comment: Cataclysm dda and pokemon emerald. I dont know.



comment: Elden ring and Duty



comment: God of war 3 and Spider-Man miles morales. Oh god, oh dear!



comment: UFC 4 and Battlefield 1….



comment: Elden ring and Deep Rock Galactic. Rock and stone this, you filthy casual



comment: apex and tarkov



comment: Mass effect 3 and Star Wars battlefront 2



comment: Being chased by a dragon in a plane would be awesome



comment: Assassins creed and tarkov. No thanks. They wont go well together



comment: Double Dragon III and Smash Ultimate



comment: Metal gear rising and subnautica. Does Riley cut the dragon in half, or is Raiden about to slam a submarine into Armstrong?



comment: Peggle and apex legends



comment: Mobile Legends & Pokemon Go



comment: Bf 1 and ark, ww1 with dinosaurs sounds fucking awesome



comment: Minecraft pixelmon and ark



comment: RDR2 and Elder Scrolls Online. Idk how that'd turn out.



comment: gears 2 and gears 3..... ummm....



comment: Chivalry 2 and Code Vein



comment: Star citizen and titanfall 2? Hell fuckin yea id play that



comment: Elden Ring and Rainbow Six Siege.



comment: Dayz and deep rock galactic…



comment: Wolfenstein and payday 2



comment: God of war and slime rancher



comment: Snow Runner and War Thunder. Finally get to be a real Alaskan pilot.



comment: Literally same



comment: How would for honor and Lego Star wars turn out



comment: Dbd and titanfall 2



comment: Dead cells and deep rock galactic.



comment: Back 4 blood and far cry 6 this should be interesting



comment: Monster hunter world and gears of war, yea sure



comment: Elden ring and halo reach



comment: TitanFall 2 and Apex sooo im playing the same thing



comment: Binding of Isaac and Enlisted...interesting combo



comment: Siege and Devil May Cry 5 ☠️



comment: Futa dick dine and dash with DayZ.



comment: Stellaris and darkest dungeon



comment: Dead by daylight and elder scrolls online



comment: Tft and hades. Funny thought but doesn’t work sadly



comment: basically fallen order



comment: Untitled Goose Game and Ark



comment: Destiny 2 and F-Zero X. That is actually cool because of the ships as racers.



comment: VRC and HOI4 isn't that just one of those stuiped rp groups



comment: Elden Ring and FTL



comment: Elden ring and apex lol



comment: Gtfo and Ready or Not



comment: Dmc5 and elden ring. Groovy.



comment: Cyberpunk 2077 and Beatsaber



comment: Evil dead game and Arkham knight. Batman zombie game? 👀



comment: Dayz and gta5 hm.....



comment: Ark survival evolved and super smash bros ultimate, boss battles gonna be interesting



comment: Lunch Lady and Deep Rock Galactic



comment: Dishonored and Dishonored 2... hmm.



comment: Eternal Sonata and Elden ring



comment: Zero caliber and a minecraft apocalypse modpack. Id rather honestly shove a lit flare up my ass



comment: Animal breeding game and sims Freeplay



comment: Smite + super smash bros?? Either a platform fighter where the characters are gods and mythological creatures or a moba with Nintendo characters lmao



comment: Gears of War Judgment and Ghost Recon Breakpoint



comment: Rimworld and Crash Bandicoot



comment: For honor and no mans sky



comment: Ark and gta



comment: Stardew valley and deep rock galactic. How does that work out



comment: How tf will Osu! And Apex work?



comment: Pornhub vr and beat saber???



comment: Dayz and tarkov



comment: Bioshock infinite and Overwatch.



comment: Team Fortress 2 and Call of Duty MW 2019



comment: team fortress 2 and rust



comment: Metro 2033 Redux and Metal Gear Rising Revengeance



comment: Uhhh old-school runescape and doom... i dont really know about that one...



comment: The Long Dark and Titanfall 2. That sounds like a banger, ngl



comment: Overwatch and Assassins creed origins



comment: Eve online and command and conquer Tiberius war



comment: Skyrim and Fallout. Jesus what a game that would be.



comment: For honor and jurassis world evolution



comment: Cyberpunk and breath of the wild, suicide build gon be wild



comment: Arkham Knight and Skyrim???



comment: Elden Ring and Skul hero slayer



comment: Ghost recon wildlands and battlefront 2 (unfortunately not the old one).



comment: Warframe , destiny 2. Pretty sure I just made anthem



comment: Slapshot and Maneater



comment: Minecraft and devil may cry



comment: god of war and battlefront 2. kratos with a lightsaber



comment: Sea of thieves and apex



comment: Dead or alive and mortal Kombat, so basically tekken



comment: destiny 2 and guilty gear strive.



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and battlefield 1



comment: Breakpoint and red dead



comment: tarkov and rust



comment: Valorant and bioshock



comment: dragon ball fighter z and nintendo land



comment: Sea of thieves and snowrunner



comment: Lmao fort fuck and Skyrim



comment: Siege and cyberpunk 🫤 not a big change



comment: Destiny 2 and Destiny



comment: Project zomboid and saints row 4



comment: Tarkov and fuckin rust



comment: Hot wheels Unleashed and Elden Ring. Gonna throw a toy metal dumptruck at Melania and one shot her



comment: warthunder and warthunder



comment: Halo reach and Turnip Boy Commit Tax Evasion. I wonder how that plot is gonna be



comment: I don’t know. Elden Ring and Destiny 2.



comment: Void Bastards and Pokemon...so I guess it's just a nuzlocke run.



comment: Smite and Diablo Immortal. Interesting 🤨



comment: Sid Meier's pirates and minecraft



comment: Pathfinder: Kingmaker and Eu4. Sounds fun



comment: Halo infinite and ryze son of rome



comment: Dying light and red dead



comment: Dark souls 3 and Halo ODST



comment: Deep rock galactic and rec room



comment: Thats just the movie Reign Of Fire



comment: Bo2 and new mw



comment: Doom eternal and apex legends



comment: Apex and farcry. I dunno it still kinda seems like more apex



comment: Minecraft and Stellaris



comment: Boom beach and geometry dash



comment: Star citizen and the isle



comment: Grounded and Mortal Kombat. Interesting mix



comment: Magic the gathering and re5



comment: Warhammer 40k: Space Marine, and Fallout New Vegas



comment: Breath of the wild and minecraft



comment: Genshin and Destiny 2. Now i really wanna see Klee with a Gjallarhorn



comment: Minecraft and Diablo III… interesting



comment: Chivalry and Hunt showdown. Knights and Cowboys and Cowboy Knights hunting bosses and each other



comment: Ew, Phasmaphobia and Warframe



comment: xcom 2 and bioshock 2



comment: Minecraft and Stardew Valley doesn’t sound too bad



comment: Coldwar and warframe, i dont even know what that would even be like since in terms of story and lore atleast they are vastly different, not to mention the bs power escalation but i can only imagine woods and mason fighting in space would be so cool.



comment: Skyrim and Cold War Zombies



comment: Modern warfare and Minecraft



comment: Jurassic world evolution and subnotica



comment: The division and Monster hunter World



comment: Minecraft and watchdogs...



comment: dragon age origins and star wars knights of the republic 2



comment: Rust and diablo 2



comment: Fallout 3 and dark souls 3



comment: Xenogears and Persona 1... so it gets even more religious either way... somehow



comment: Farming simulator 2022 and huniepop 2



comment: Skyrim and starwars the force unleashed



comment: Terraria and battlefield 4



comment: Pokemon and Halo. No idea how that would work.



comment: Witcher and sniper elite butta hit a goul with a testi shot



comment: Conkers bad furday, man hunt



comment: Elden ring and satisfactory



comment: Command&Conquer and vrchat actually that might be cool



comment: Fallout and Fortnite



comment: The Binding of Isaac and Paladins... Neat



comment: Dying Light 2 and The Witcher 3



comment: Halo Wars 2 and Battlefield 1



comment: For honor and terraria



comment: Dead by daylight and elden ring...... i think im fucked



comment: For honor and wizard101



comment: Fall guys and squad



comment: World at war and dying light



comment: Clash of Clans and Sea of Thieves. Im not sure what game that wpuld be



comment: Warframe and The Quarry?



comment: Elden ring and rocket league... oh boy.



comment: Kingdom come deliverance and my summer car. Let’s just say the game is fucked



comment: War thunder and farming simulator 22, I guess just crop dusting?



comment: Assassins creed origin and deep rock galactic



comment: No man’s sky and farming simulator 2022



comment: Middle Earth: Shadow of War and Elder Scrolls Online. Doesnt sound that bad actually.



comment: Red Dead Online and Star Wars Battlefront 2



comment: Mass effect with halo



comment: Lords mobile and csgo



comment: Titanfall 2 and dayz



comment: God of war and gt7



comment: Minecraft and gmod, essentially ive made fallout 4



comment: Minecraft and war thunder



comment: Dark Souls 2 and Soma



comment: Minecraft and gmod, id like minecraft wifh a gmod feel but the need to harvest materials and such



comment: Elden Ring and Patapon



comment: Minecraft and DnD..... Not sure about that, if table top doesn't fit then Minecraft and slime rancher and that sounds interesting.



comment: Yugioh master dual and smite battle ground of the gods. Actually doesnt sound like too bad of a game depending on the mashup.



comment: Does dnd count?



comment: Modern warfare and dmc 5?



comment: Fallout 4 and battlefield 1



comment: World of tanks and sea of theives



comment: Deltarune Minecraft



comment: Tarkov and the cycle? I like it ngl.



comment: Swtor and Elden Ring



comment: Company of Heroes + Super Mario World



comment: Gears of Fantasy 13 IV Lightning Fenix



comment: Dauntless and Yugioh Master Duel. So slaying yugioh monsters with melee weapons and collecting their essence/parts and making armor and weapons out of them? I’m in.



comment: Jak and daxter and hunter call of the wild welp looks like im hunting metal heads



comment: Djmax and valorant



comment: Train sim world and modern warfare. Hell yeah, bringing back battle trains



comment: Dead island and assassins creed 3



comment: Minecraft and BeamNG



comment: Battlefield 4 and csgo



comment: For honor and terarria?



comment: Can't even remember the last two games I played its been awhile



comment: Gtav and Apex Legends



comment: Apex legends and subnautica below zero



comment: Payday 2 and read dead



comment: Wait, there are dragons in Skyrim?



comment: Forza and modern warfare?



comment: Guilty gear strive and csgo



comment: Smite rust would be interesting to say the least



comment: Judgment and yakuza kiwami....they the same game



comment: Ninja Storm 4 an Skyrim. So an open world Shimono Game wirh elements of Norse Mythology, dozenz of different factions, and a shit ton of Spells/Jutsus.



comment: Elden ring and starred valley. Idk sounds kinda cool



comment: Elden ring and hunter call of the wild



comment: Tarkov and cities skylines so uh I guess I’m a city planner in Donbas now?



comment: Skyrim and borderlands 2



comment: Elden ring and L4D2. Fighting tree sentinel with a shotgun and some adrenaline.



comment: Risk of rain and library of ruina. That woud be fire ngl



comment: gta 5 and assassains creed origins



comment: Astroneer and payday 2. Space heist time



comment: V rising and for honor? So a vampire fighter game



comment: Ghost Recon FS + Fall Guys



comment: DayZ and Hatred



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and hunt showdown



comment: Don't Starve Together and Deep Rock Galactic...what even would that look like? Just Minecraft?



comment: Fallout and Dark Souls O_o



comment: Minecraft and War Thunder



comment: Titanfall 2 stardew valley



comment: EDF5 and Senran Kagura. An interesting combination to be sure



comment: Yaknow id like a remake of reign of fire the game but all modern n syiff



comment: Greedfall and Elden Ring



comment: Lmao Azure Lane and World of Warships



comment: 7 days to die / dying light 2



comment: 7 days to die and no mans sky



comment: I think it would just make Doom, but with more movement. Diablo and Warframe.



comment: I got crash bandicoot and eldin ring??



comment: Elden Ring and Dynasty Warriors 9 Empires



comment: I would love to fight a dragon with a fighter jet



comment: Fallout 4, darksiders 2



comment: Apex and monster hunter finna have me hunting a rathalos in a giant mech



comment: Skyrim and war thunder sounds awesome



comment: Monster hunter + pokemon



comment: Ark and vermintide... so its still just warhammer lmao



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Dead By Daylight. What happens then?



comment: Minecraft pixelmon and rust



comment: I would like to shoot a dragon with armor piercing fin stabilized discarding sabot and see what happens



comment: Monster hunter world and monster hunter rise



comment: Modded Minecraft and Terra tech. That's interesting



comment: Alright time to see what will win, that giant over there or this 75mm HE round



comment: Hell let loose and DayZ 🤔



comment: Battlefield 4 and insurgency sandstorm



comment: Destiny and DayZ. That would be kinda sick actually, playing as a survivor or a risen after the collapse? Shiiiit



comment: My hero ones justice 2 and fallout 76



comment: Tiny Tina’s wonderland and mass effect



comment: Cold War zombies and Warzone



comment: Onward And MG:R



comment: Elden ring and tiny tinas wonderland im not sure but i think im fucked lol



comment: Assassins creed Valhalla and Red dead redemption 2



comment: Dead by daylight and Necesse.... great now my second game is going be a bug with a game somewhere inside of it.



comment: Mortal Kombat 11 and modern warfare



comment: Elden ring and skyrim , pretty good game



comment: Valorant and Aim Labs... if you dont count aim labs than Valorant and battlefront 2



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and Sniper Elite 5



comment: Dying light 2 and insurgencey



comment: Terraria and oxygen not included. Neat a new klei colab



comment: You will fly 3 and minecraft



comment: V rising and overwatch. So vampires in the modern world, oh boy.



comment: League of Legends and Stardew valley?



comment: Monster Hunter World and Salt & Sanctuary



comment: Apex and ARK, I dont even know what to make of that.



comment: State of decay 2 and elder scrolls online



comment: Fallout nv qnd Pokemon arcus



comment: Rainbow 6 and mario party



comment: What a fuckin event that would be.



comment: Elden Ring and Diablo II



comment: Pixelmon and dark souls 3



comment: Borderlands and witcher 2



comment: Crossout and warhammer 40k- Inquisitor



comment: There's a game Called Age of ashes, I think? But it's a dog fighting game where you're riding dragons and shit. Dope, but shit with randoms



comment: Sonic Mania and SMBU.... so basically a return to subspace emissary on crack. Nice



comment: Assassin's Creed Valhalla and Minecraft



comment: Sea of theives and elden ring.



comment: Skyrim and nba 2k22



comment: War thunder and Total war Warhammer 2



comment: Roblox and Star Wars battlefront 2, meh



comment: Elden ring and Destiny (fuck you Destiny 1 is still amazing.)



comment: For honor and gta 5



comment: Unironically .50 cals would wreak any living thing. Like, the whole issue of Jurassic World could have been solved with .50 cals. If that one bitch had .50 cals on her plane, problem solved. If that gay Steve Jobs had .50 cals, problem solved



comment: Assassins creed syndicate and Fallout 4. Shit is this just gonna be Fallout London but assassins creed style? Wonder if it’ll be first person



comment: Titan Fall 2 and World At War



comment: Hoi4 and AMONGUS. Idk Adolf you’ve been seeming sus lately



comment: Mario kart and farcry 5



comment: Red dead and red dead 2, so nothing changes



comment: Fallout 4 and mine craft



comment: Minecraft and Maneater(it was free on epic)



comment: Xenoblade chronicles and core keeper im interested



comment: Minecraft and either peglin or dicey dungeons i cannot remember which



comment: War thunder and tf2



comment: Elden ring and Binding of Isaac.



comment: War Thunder and Ghost of Tsushima...I don't like where this is headed.



comment: Risk of rain and Pokemon...Well this is gonna be interesting



comment: Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance



comment: Resident evil 4 and jedi fallen order



comment: stardew valley and no mans sky... seems pretty fun actually, go from planet to planet and farm different things



comment: AC Valhalla and Ark



comment: GTA5 and Burnout Paradise



comment: Rocket league and kingdom hearts 2 lmao



comment: for honor and hunt showdown?



comment: For Honor and Dangonronpa



comment: Fortnite and second son



comment: Overwatch amd dbd. Lol



comment: Project zomboid and payday2...



comment: Witch It and Alien Isolation



comment: Sea of thieves and halo wars weird



comment: Half life alyx and Soma. Pure terror I suppose



comment: Elden ring and gta5... wtf



comment: Elden ring and ark im not really sure what would change about them



comment: Monster Hunter Rise and Monster Hunter Generations Ultimate..



comment: Titanfall 2 and monster hunter. Just fighting giant monsters with giant robots wielding giant weapons



comment: Oh shit minecraft and offroad outlaws. Minecraft with trucks



comment: I played MW2 and visage. Absolute PTSD time



comment: Your mom and your dad (they’re happily married)



comment: Apex and dead by daylight



comment: Tarkov postal 4



comment: God of war and Nickelodeon all star brawl. Can’t wait to see SpongeBob get folded by kratos



comment: Destiny 2 and For Honor



comment: Conan exiles and rimworld. We're about to experience levels of brutality the world has never known.



comment: Warframe and Xenoverse 2



comment: Dark souls III and Destiny 2 am very confuse



comment: War Thunder and Enlisted....that could either be a great mix or a terrible one. Naturally it would be made by Gaijin, so I'm going with option 2.



comment: Pac-Man and Dark Souls 2



comment: MGRR and Minecraft



comment: Mario Strikers Battle League Super Smash Bros Brawl



comment: Cooking simulator and hydroneer... So minecraft basically?



comment: EU4 and Minecraft... now theres an interesting mashup



comment: Battlefield V and Skyrim. Hmmm, dont know how that'll work out



comment: Mini motor ways and siege



comment: Farcry 4 and Devil May Cry 5



comment: Destiny and Bloodhunt



comment: Mine was Maneater and Wow



comment: Battlefield 1 x Titanfall



comment: satisfactory and modded minecraft? so just what just better looking modded minecraft i guess?



comment: hollow knight and terraria



comment: Halo CE and plants vs zombies… oooooooooh nooooo



comment: They're flying away with classified state secrets about their favorite tank.



comment: Ff 13 and asphalt 9



comment: Warframe and Terraria



comment: Mhw Minecraft...



comment: Ark survival and World of Warships.



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Ghost of Tsushima? That would be dope



comment: Elden Ring and Ark



comment: Division 2 and Dirt Rally 2.0 I dont know how that turns out.



comment: Paper Mario The Thousand Year Old Door, And Phantasy Star Online 2 NGS



comment: Oblivion/morroblivion and civ 6



comment: Star Wars: Republic Commando and Evil Dead



comment: Postal brain damaged and some navy game on roblox



comment: State of decay 2 and 1? Huh, not much change at all. Or if you want to include multiplayer games: Siege and State of decay 1.



comment: Final Fantasy Type 0 HD and Deep Rock Galactic, kinda down with it



comment: From the Depths and BeamNG



comment: Elden ring and Ark



comment: Eso and swtor. Shit bouta get real crazy



comment: Stronghold crusader and tarkov



comment: Generation zero and day z great robots with 50.bmg spamming with rockets and i got sweaty dick heads lovely



comment: Super mario 3D and roblox rap battle



comment: Elden Ring and Far Cry 6



comment: Fallout 4 and Warhammer vermentide... Honestly sounds kinda fun



comment: Apex and Fire Emblem. Tbh I’d play tf out of that



comment: Minecraft and Diablo. Cool I’m playing Terraria



comment: Far cry 3 and far cry 6



comment: Lets see, New World and Divinity original sin 2, probably makes a new game entirely



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and trails of cold steel, we in a cowboys anime now



comment: Ratchet and clank tools of destruction and smash ultimate



comment: Dying light 2 and no man skys lol



comment: Monster hunter world, and for honor



comment: Hitman and dead by daylight. 🤨



comment: Elden Ring and Breath of the Wild. Don’t think that’d be too different from each other



comment: Dying Light 2 and Stardew Valley



comment: Borderlands 3 and apex. Not too different



comment: Elden Ring and Morrowind



comment: Legend of zelda botw ,elden ring and sea of thieves



comment: Minecraft and Minecraft dungeons 😒



comment: DragonballZ kakarot and wolfenstein the new world colossus



comment: L.A Noire and Elden Ring



comment: Elden Ring and Tekken 7



comment: Welp Los Santos is no longer safe last 2 I've played was gta5 and left 4 dead



comment: Super smash bros and Valorant. I would play Donkey Kong in an fps



comment: Blade and sorcery + Valheim so not much changes



comment: Destiny and Shadow of War



comment: Borderlands 2 and dark souls



comment: Fire emblem and elden ring



comment: Bloons tower defense 6 and skyrim



comment: Ace Combat 4 and Fallout New Vegas, damn



comment: Kingdom hearts 2 and persona 5... Time to recruit some heartless!



comment: Nioh 2 and Borderlands 2?



comment: Age of empire's and world of warcraft



comment: Spray paint on roblox. Wild horse islands on roblox. I’m forever cursed to ride a horse from sin flag to sin flag spraying blank paint over them to eliminate the fetish art



comment: Stellaris and hoi4 so just stellaris with better ground combat



comment: Roblox and Garry's mod



comment: Elden ring and the force unleashed 2



comment: Team fortress 2 and From the depths



comment: Overwatch and subnautica



comment: Diablo 3 and madden



comment: Elden ring and Bloodborne



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and fallout new vages



comment: Bioshock and final fantasy 7. Would be pretty cool actually.



comment: The r3t20 blastin a poor dragon out of the air.



comment: Stardew Valley and God of War. Imagine, Kratos and Atreus just, farming, all day, every day and trying to build relationships with the locals...



comment: Planetary annihilation and ark survival



comment: Minecraft and dying light 2. Fuck



comment: The Evil Within and Smash Ultimate



comment: Titanfall 2 and mario kart Wii



comment: Rogue company and minecraft



comment: Elden ring plus sleeping dogs



comment: Geometry dash and tabs



comment: Sea of thieves and borderlands 3



comment: Apex and doom.



comment: Well I played assassins creed odyssey then wanted to go back the origins because I remembered I never did all the dlc but decided to new game plus because I have no idea what in the hell is happening so I guess combining to two I would get we’ll ODYSSEY



comment: Fallout 4 and Minecraft



comment: Elden ring and life is strange true colors…. Yeah this is gonna get weird



comment: Muv-Luv Alternative and Ys: Memories of Celceta. Oh joy, an rpg-esque visual novel involving magic, mechs and maybe Adol will finally find love!



comment: Skyrim and sims 3



comment: God of war and modern warfare



comment: Mass effect and halo 4



comment: DayZ and warzone



comment: War thunder x The Forest



comment: Borderlands 2 and Yu-Gi-Oh duelist of the roses. I have no clue what that would be but I hate it



comment: League of legends and Sniper elite 5



comment: Civ 5 and skyrim, guess I get to bring unification and the information age to the nords. Cant wait for nord developed nukes and tanks.



comment: Uh, slime rancher and monster hunter generations ultimate



comment: A B-32 fus ro dahing to their destination lol



comment: ESO and destiny. Either destiny gets better or eso gets worse



comment: Elden Ring and Sekiro



comment: The Cycle: Frontier and WoW. This amalgamation existed twice already and failed both times.



comment: Minecraft and farming simulator



comment: Dysmantle and Sniper Elite 5



comment: Destiny 2 and ark



comment: Cyberpunk 2077 and gta online... could be good...



comment: Mass effect ultimate edition, halo infinite



comment: Elden ring and overwatch



comment: Sea of thieves and slay the spire. Not sure what to think of that one



comment: Zero caliber VR and Gmod



comment: For honor and sea of thieves



comment: Fortnite and borderlands 3



comment: CyberRing? Elden Punk?



comment: Apex and mgr



comment: Forewarned and Mario kart 8



comment: Force unleashed and lego star wars



comment: Cold war and project zomboid. Not the most interesting this time around.



comment: steel division 2 and phasmophobia



comment: Minecraft and Project Zomboid



comment: Uhhhhh, Elden Ring and Splitgate...oh shit



comment: Rocket league and Elden Ring 😂



comment: V Rising + D&D (The resulting game is still D&D)



comment: Voidtrain x deadspace 3



comment: Elder scrolls online and GTA 5. How tf does that even work? Am I stealing horses?



comment: Fallout NV and WWE2k22. So basically Wrestlers vs Zombies



comment: Elite dangerous and kirby... at least it will be interesting



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and God of War.



comment: For Honor and Smite



comment: Borderlands 3 and Halo 2.



comment: Skyrim with A-10s. Fuck yeah the dragon has no chance



comment: Elden ring and dark souls 2



comment: Forza horizon 5 and Dante’s inferno



comment: Minecraft & CoD WWII



comment: Overwatch and mass effect



comment: rocket league and elden ring.. demolition monster brawl



comment: Minecraft and destiny?



comment: Dead space 3 and red dead redemption 2



comment: Mass Effect 2 and Conan Exiles



comment: Roblox and clash royale



comment: New Vegas and Witcher 3



comment: Battlefield 2042 and gta V



comment: Elden ring + cyberpunk, that actually sounds like a good game



comment: League of Legends and HOI4. Would actually be pretty fun to play a grand strat in league universe



comment: Gta 5 and Microsoft Flight Sim?



comment: Dark souls 3 and for honor



comment: Grounded and gears of war



comment: Imgamous decond son and cyberpunk



comment: Elden Ring /State of Decay2



comment: Ashes of Creation, and Star Citizen... My God.



comment: Gta and fallout 4



comment: Fallout 76 and Elden Ring ☹, that would be difficult



comment: Be closer to Gate (anime) than that movie. Unless you chose to fly that old plane.



comment: Batlefield 5 and elder scrolls online



comment: F.E.A.R. and Ghost of Tsushima



comment: Fortnite and vampire survivors



comment: Destiny 2 and Back 4 Blood



comment: sniper elite 5 and door kickers 2



comment: Elden ring and no mans sky



comment: doom and hollow knight



comment: War of rights and hearts of iron four



comment: atomicrops and osrs



comment: Ori and the will of the wisps and Spyro Reignited



comment: Apex and BO3 zombies, sounds fun



comment: Tiny Tina's Wonderland and Animal Crossing



comment: Subnautica and Deltarune... Hmm



comment: Destiny 2 and chivlary 2.



comment: Lego Harry Potter (1-4) and Overwatch.



comment: Mario kart and fallout 4



comment: Hell Let Loose and Insurgency Sandstorm, so basically portal mode on 2042 lmao



comment: Minecraft and lawn mower simulator, well fuck



comment: Terraria and world of warships



comment: Magicka2 and vermintide 2



comment: Avengers and call of duty



comment: Elden ring and rdr2



comment: Subnautica and sonic mania. Oh lord.



comment: Insurgency and xcom 2



comment: Monster hunter world and moonlighter... That actually sounds sick asf



comment: Warthunder and minecraft.... thats just flans mod



comment: Chaos gate, and ace combat 7



comment: Warframe and Skyrim



comment: Elden ring and it takes two, could actually be fun



comment: Tarkov amd mass effect



comment: Fallout New Vegas and Halo Infinite



comment: Madden and war thunder, very very nice



comment: Lego Star Wars and Warframe



comment: Pokemon and Minecraft



comment: Elden ring and dying light 1.. No thanks i choose life



comment: Fall guys ultimate knockout and fall guys ultimate beta.. its just the next season of fall guys



comment: AC Valhalla and Horizon forbidden west…



comment: Overwatch and binding of Isaac



comment: Wolfenstien and skyrim



comment: Rust and scp containment breech



comment: Borderlands 3 and Risk of Rain



comment: Ark and rust



comment: Valheim Resident Evil Village



comment: Farcry 5 and cod coldwar



comment: Earthbound and Binding of Isaac



comment: Dead by Daylight and Middle Earth: Shadow of War. Brightlord as next killer sounds broken.



comment: Elden ring and GTA



comment: smite and remnant from the ashes, Am i fighting the gods or am I one?



comment: Diablo 3 and Fallout 4.



comment: Elder Scrolls Online and Voidtrain. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THATD EVEN BE



comment: Metal Gear Solid V and Dynasty Warriors 8. So fuedal japan with guns? Or cold war Afghanistan with swords. Either way.



comment: smite and apex, whoa cthulu dont pull out the nine



comment: NHL 22 and grounded. Mini hockey players or giant spiders?



comment: Genshin and dark souls 3



comment: Fortnite and dishonored? Corvo with the victory royale



comment: Fs22 and Factorio… I’ve created and abomination.



comment: Ark and For Honor. Oh boy



comment: Wizard101 and Ark



comment: Minecraft and Arma 3



comment: World at War and Sea of Thieves



comment: Elden ring and DBD



comment: Cyberpunk 2077 and Days Gone. Or maybe it was God Of War and Days Gone.



comment: Insurgency and Escape from Tarkov



comment: Fable 3 and kotor2



comment: V rising and Vampire survivor



comment: Stellaris and spore



comment: Halo infinite and warframe



comment: Skyrim and Super Hot



comment: Fortnite and brawlhala



comment: Dragon dogfighting



comment: Mario Strikers Battle League and Modern Warfare



comment: Metro lastnight and metro Exodus



comment: Literally this for me lol



comment: Elden ring and warframe, wonder how that'd combine.



comment: Battlefield and minecraft?



comment: Deep rock galactic, and elden ring... Im very sad/excited.



comment: Dark souls + r6



comment: Elden Ring and Among Us



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and Assassins creed 4



comment: Destiny 2 and overwatch



comment: Brawlhalla an Cold War? Any thoughts?



comment: Undertale and Minecraft?



comment: Skyrim and Sniper Elite 5 bet gonna put a scope on my Dragon bone Bow and pop bitches 500 meters away



comment: No man sky and Ghostbusters 🤔



comment: Uh okay. Hearts of Iron 4 and The Forest.



comment: Classic fallout and breath of the wild, guess link gonna save the wasteland:)



comment: Xenoblade Chronicles and Elden Ring



comment: Fallout 4 and Sonic Adventure 2



comment: Devil may cry5 and halo 3



comment: Halo infinite single player and enlisted



comment: Blade & sorcery nomad and sea of thieves. Not much changes



comment: Destiny 1 and Dragon ball fighterZ



comment: Fallout 4 and Bioshock Infinite thats a fun combo



comment: Vrchat and for honor?



comment: DayZ and H3VR, finally a tarkov VR experience



comment: League of Legends(I know I know)+ Diablo 3(fuck me) (I know guys I KNOW)



comment: DMC5 and Elden Ring



comment: Minecraft and rocket league



comment: Borderlands 3 and deep rock lol



comment: Mafia III and hollow knight. What the fuck would that even be



comment: UFC 4 and Minecraft?



comment: Apex legends and Gang Beasts 😂



comment: Star wars battlefront 2 and last of us 2



comment: League of Legends and Hunt Showdown



comment: Siege and Overwatch, ehhhhh i prob wouldn’t play it



comment: War of Rights and Clash Royale. Guess the King is a slave owner



comment: Tiny Tina’s Wonderlands and Sea of thieves. Not gonna lie, I’d play that game.



comment: Kotor and dmc 5



comment: Monster Hunter Rise, and Minecraft?



comment: Persona 3 x Apex Legends 🤔



comment: Recroom and For honor



comment: Diablo 3 and call of duty.



comment: Dead By Daylight and Phasmophobia. Imma need some diapers, homie.



comment: Minecraft and boom beach



comment: Planetside and Deep Rock Galactic.



comment: Rock smith & resident evil 0



comment: pokemon legends arceus and assassin's creed valhalla. vikings riding pokemon into glorious conquest. nuff said.



comment: Elden ring and classic wow



comment: Links awakening and inscryption.



comment: Pokemon Sword and Shield and Mw2019



comment: Elden ring and ark



comment: What movie is that and warzone and warthunder



comment: Hitman 3 - Modern Warefare



comment: Overwatch and Minecraft



comment: Splitgate and world of warships



comment: Smite and world of warships



comment: Halo CE and jedi fallen order



comment: Hades and titanfall 2.



comment: Deep rock galactic and warframe



comment: The witcher 3 and league of legends?



comment: league of legends and Ark



comment: Animal crossing and Diablo 3



comment: DayZ and Starwars the Force Unleashed



comment: Elden ring and ark



comment: Elden Ring and Pokemon Y



comment: Pretty sure doom eternal + elden ring is just elden ring



comment: Destiny 2 and smite



comment: Minecraft+ mario strikers, minecrafts soccer



comment: Modern warfare. And 7 days to die. Intruiging...



comment: DriftX and BF2042



comment: Wow crazy how everyone’s games match up in a cool way, I’m sure nobody is lying



comment: Destiny 2 and pubg



comment: Terraria and GTFO



comment: Elden ring and payday 2. Gonna need alot of medic bags



comment: Assassins creed origins and doom (1993)



comment: Isaac Clark and the Doom slayer



comment: Ark and gears 3



comment: Smash bros brawl and fortnite



comment: Dark souls and wii sports



comment: Star Wars battlefront 2 (original ‘05 version) and RDR2



comment: Hunt showdown and rdr2... so no change from hunt.



comment: Kerbal Space Program and Modern Warfare. How would this turn out



comment: Fortnite and far cry 6



comment: Balloon tower defense 6 and squad



comment: Warthunder and dayz



comment: Squad and war thunder



comment: Elden Ring and Roblox. This is epic...



comment: Skyrim and Witcher?



comment: Stardew valley and borderlands 3 how would that work?



comment: Cyberpunk and dead space 2



comment: Apex and minecraft. Isn't there a texture pack that already does this



comment: Elden ring and WoW. So i guess nothing really changed?



comment: Almost snap i gor warthunder and risk of rain 2



comment: UFC 4 and skate 3 so I guess I’m a fighter but completely invincible



comment: Half life alyx and bone works



comment: MLB the show 22 and sniper Elite 5



comment: Horizon Forbidden West/Elden Ring.



comment: Team fortress 2 and Minecraft



comment: Teamfight tactics and endless legend.. ?



comment: Or in my case, a tank getting gangbanged by trolls?



comment: Terraria and gunfire lmao



comment: Id be down for an oblivion and 7 days to die combo



comment: postal 2 and plants vs zombies garden warfare 2



comment: Skyrim x War Thunder is essentially just Century: Age of Ashes on Steam. Dragon-based dogfighting combat and it's pretty fun imo



comment: Someone needs to make a game like this



comment: Minecraft and Lego Star Wars?



comment: Magic the gathering arena and warzone



comment: Warzone and escape from tarkov…



comment: BF1 and Among Us



comment: Dead by daylight and elden ring



comment: Guilty gear strive and ffxiv. Not exactly sure what that would entail



comment: Rimworld and Fable 3



comment: Minecraft and coc



comment: Ninja gaiden sigma and rogue legacy 2



comment: Its just red deasd



comment: Elden Ring and Yu-Gi-Oh master duel



comment: DBD and Spider-Man. Doc Ock is gon a killing fools left and right.



comment: Destiny and no mans sky cool ass space game



comment: Ghost of tsushima and red dead 2.



comment: Sekiro shadows die twice and Elden Ring so Elden ring with easier combat



comment: D&D and Smash Bros. Seems like a cool game



comment: Phasmophobia and League of Legends



comment: Tarkov and elden ring...shit.



comment: PUBG and BO2 Zombies



comment: Destiny and space marines. Uh. Um. Actually i have no idea



comment: Soul calibur and lego star wars



comment: Sex selector and rs3



comment: 7days to die Skyrim



comment: R6 Siege and DayZ hmmm



comment: Ghost recon Wildlands and code vein



comment: Rainbow 6 and Spider-Man shattered dimensions



comment: Mordhau and Ark(Private modded server with the boys)



comment: Far cry 5 and ark



comment: Dishonored 2 and Minecraft



comment: Kingdom come deliverance and tarkov? Medieval tarkov sounds kinda wicked



comment: Minecraft and final fantasy 7 remake.



comment: Skyrim and warzone huh



comment: Top part of the meme was made in like 2012



comment: Skyrim and Fallout 4. I'll be fine.



comment: Horizon Forbidden West and Elden Ring



comment: Knockout city and Fallout New Vegas. POST APOCALYPTIC DODGEBALL YEEEEAAAHHH



comment: Warframe and Genshin…hmm



comment: zombies in space land and it takes two



comment: Elden ring and…animal crossing



comment: War thunder and GTA 5



comment: Tarkov and BTD6… I’d play it



comment: The cycle frontier and osrs. Intresting to see



comment: Fallout 4 x Fallen Earth so uhhh thats just Fallout 76 in the Mojave Wasteland.



comment: Nah. Should have been the dragon scene from Suckerpunch.



comment: Risk of Rain 2 and Destiny 2



comment: Elden Ring and No Mans Sky



comment: Minesweeper & GTA



comment: The isle and jurrasic world evolution



comment: God of War and Ace Attorney.



comment: Rd2 and Fallout 4



comment: League of legends and elden ring



comment: Battledront 2 and Red Dead Redemption 2



comment: Halo infinite and Minecraft



comment: Dayz and Witcher 3



comment: I would love a dogfight game with dragons



comment: Skyrim and the outer worlds



comment: Apex + fallout



comment: Dying Light 2 and Mincraft. I’ll be fine



comment: Oblivion and peggle



comment: Halo and Elden ring. So i guess i would play as a tarnished spartan lets fuckin go



comment: Skyrim and Rocket League. I'm gonna throw a ball at a dragon



comment: Surviving Mars and Halo Wars 2 . . . . . . Uhm



comment: Assassin’s Creed and Read Dead 2



comment: Forza 5 and tiny tinas wonderlands



comment: Deep rock galactic and elden ring. This'll be neat



comment: Minecraft and elden ring, hmm



comment: Not sure how dark souls and f1 would mix but sure



comment: Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II and Forza Horizon 5. This would make no sense and not be an enjoyable game.



comment: Destiny 2 and The Binding of Isaac, I dont know how it would work but it is its own hellscape of suffering



comment: Watchdogs and hitman



comment: DCS and Rising storm 2: Vietnam



comment: Spider-Man ps4 and God of War



comment: Tiny Tina's and diablo 2



comment: Thats just Reign of Fire



comment: Guilty Gear Strive and Apex. So either we get first person Guilty Gear battle royale or Apex as a fighting game. Id prefer the latter.



comment: Smash ultimate and Switch sports? I dont even know what to make of that



comment: Factorio and modern warfare



comment: Csgo but with escape from tarkov realism



comment: Mario party and Under night inbirth. Let’s gooo we getting a Mario fighting game



comment: Minecraft, and spellbound 3 (strategy), so minecraft dungeons but i also have my own army



comment: Diablo 3 and virtual villager… an interesting combination if anything



comment: Cod vanguard and warzone. Nothing has changed. Lol



comment: Nhl 22 and Hyrule warriors: Age of calamity.



comment: Genshin impact and god of war. That… could be interesting.



comment: Resident evil biohazard and Witcher 3 yikes



comment: Dead by Daylight and Deep Rock Galactic



comment: For honor and dbd. Oh wait they already did an event



comment: Spiderman Ps4 and Stellaris... Not sure how that will go



comment: Mafia and Yakuza. I'd pay to see what goes down



comment: Halo infinite and battlefield 1



comment: Gran turismo sport and horizon zero dawn



comment: For Honor and Borderlands 3



comment: Elden ring and battlefield 3



comment: Minecraft + Warthunder



comment: Monster hunter world and maid of skier



comment: Gears of war and skate 3



comment: Need for speed heat and Final Fantasy 14 this has some potential I guess



comment: Mine craft and man eater



comment: Pokemon and kingdom hearts. Xehanort boss with ultra necrozma on his team...



comment: Warframe and destiny? Certified sci-fi space magic moment



comment: Ready or not and Chivalry 2



comment: Fear 3 and Batman Arkham City..? Hmm



comment: Great, the dragonborn released thalmor secrets again



comment: Supreme commander forged alience and planet side 2



comment: Brawlhalla and Red Dead 2



comment: Dead by daylight and phasmophobia… uh oh



comment: Warzone and osrs



comment: Minecraft and Roblox... what have I done?



comment: Skyrim and dishonored two



comment: Warframe and super hot, so basically warframe but every enemy has cold on them



comment: Risk of Rain 2 and MHW. Imagine loading in and just fighting wave after wave of bazel



comment: Minecraft and GTFO... Hmm



comment: Wolfenstein and metal gear rising revengence



comment: Borderlands and Destiny



comment: Ac odyssey and MW 2019



comment: GTA V and The Unliving, sounds like a fun Friday night



comment: Deep rock impact (I think? With the dwarves) and FTL. So… nothing changes too much haha



comment: Halo Infinite and Halo MCC. Nothing changes.



comment: Bloodborne and animal crossing



comment: as NBA2k21 and NFL15



comment: Borderlands 3 and ark. Hows thay gonna work?



comment: Mass Effect and Hollow Knight. Aww a little bug Grunt I love it



comment: Borderlands and pokemon



comment: Warthunder and rome total war



comment: Persona 5 Royal and Final Fantasy XIV, that sounds awesome, get your own persona



comment: Uh...battlefield 4 and phasmaphobia



comment: Csgo and elden ring



comment: Civ6 and elden ring



comment: Onward and world of tanks, that’s the first time I’ve commented on one of these posts and the games actually go together



comment: Amogus and fortnite



comment: Elden ring and the original Battlefront 2



comment: Crusader Kings 3 and halo infinite



comment: Skyrim and dishonored two



comment: Minecraft and dnd..........that actually sounds lagit man.....



comment: blade and sorcery and no mans sky, cant imagine what thats like



comment: Fifa 22 and rdr2!! Cowboys playing soccer



comment: Destiny 2 and battlefield 4? HEY, WHERED MY FUCKING WALLET GO?



comment: Destiny and r6 seige. Great now Crota is gonna spawn peak me



comment: Door Kickers, and Red Dead Redemption



comment: Elden ring and darks souls 3…. So nothing really changed



comment: BMG Drive and Minecraft



comment: Tf2 and stardew vally...?



comment: Anima



comment: Overwatch and lego star wars



comment: 40k and baloons tower defense



comment: Tabletop 40k and Space beast Terror Fright... so Space Hulk Deathwing



comment: Fable 2 and gta san Andreas



comment: Beat saber and Far Cry 6



comment: Destiny 2 and 20 Minutes Till Dawn. That's just Escalation Protocol lmao



comment: Original Fear and Doom 3



comment: Assassins Creed II and MW2



comment: Elden ring kerbal space



comment: Escape from tarkov and project zomboid, pretty fuckin cool.



comment: Street fighter 3rd strike and V rising? Soooo, like a top down street fighter game? Or like a vampire fighting game?



comment: I fucking hate this diablo immortal and diablo 3



comment: Overwatch and Dead by Daylight



comment: Pokemon and final fantasy 14



comment: Elden ring, fallout 4



comment: Dead by Daylight and GTA 5



comment: Doki doki and Diablo immortal



comment: Hardspace shipbreaker and for honor? Guess there’s space knights now



comment: World of tanks and rocket league



comment: well i actually did, blade and sorcery with arkham knight mod



comment: Bloodborne and inside



comment: Honestly reminds me of Zero no Tsukaima, the isekai talks about how a dude got sent there, but old tech from his own world is in some parts there as well, so he ends up using an old fighter plane from WW1 to fight dragons. Good fucking anime, it was my first one.



comment: Destiny 2 and ark, my god



comment: Deadcraft and Dysmantle. I'm ok with this.i've 100% both games.



comment: Minecraft and terraria



comment: Goat simulator and phasmophobia. A horror game where you hunt goats sounds fun af



comment: By reading all these comments half of you are stuck in 2012 and the other half just has no taste in games



comment: Rounds and cod:waw



comment: Sekiro and One Piece World Seeker. It would be a dope game. Especially if you played as Zoro.



comment: 7 days to die and the sims



comment: Modern Warfare and Clash of Clans



comment: Assasins creed 3 and state of decay.



comment: Master Chief is the newest professor in fire emblem three houses I guess



comment: Modded Minecraft and assassins creed Valhalla



comment: Pokemon go and... i think fortnite



comment: BO2 and elden ring?



comment: Pokemon Legends Arceus and Ninja Gaiden Sigma. Interesting combo, how would it play out?



comment: Elden ring and gta. Oof



comment: Elden ring and Stellaris



comment: Ummmmm good



comment: Mount and Blade II: Bannerlord & Mechwarrior 5: Mercenaries. I have no idea what that would look like.



comment: Titanfall 2 and injustice 2?



comment: Sonic Mania and Fortnite



comment: Oh shit... Hell Let Loose and Halo 3? Might have been Minecraft



comment: Fallout New Vegas and frostpunk



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and Insurgency sandstorm



comment: NBA 2k22 and rust



comment: Elden ring and Star wars



comment: Elden ring and new Vegas



comment: Rocket league n ark lol



comment: Bioshock 2 and Mario Party 7



comment: i mean, an aerial combat game with dragons instead of planes WOULD be super fuckin cool



comment: Elden ring and sea of thieves



comment: Fallout:New Vegas and Fallout 4... So NCR meets the minutemen?



comment: Shotgun King and Gears of War 4..



comment: Genshin impact and apex. Time to roll for legends



comment: Fortnite and elden ring? I’m gonna emote on milenia



comment: Apex legends mobile and boarder lands 3



comment: Super smash bros Ultimate and clash royale



comment: Cyberpunk and Phoenix Wright



comment: GTA 5 and Zelda Skyward Sword



comment: lego star wars smash brothers



comment: How tf am I supposed to combine Minecraft and league of legends



comment: Dragon Age 2 and Apex Legends, what the hell does that even make?



comment: Sea of thieves and kerbal space program, space thieves!!!!!



comment: Valorant and guilty gear strive, not sure



comment: Elden ring and Titanfall 2; looks like we are boss fighting in mechs



comment: Oblivion and sekiro



comment: Fallout 4 and state of decay 2. That would actually be pretty cool



comment: Gran turismo 7 and destiny 2. Speeding not for victory, but for survival.



comment: Bf 2042 and red dead redemption 2 IM SCARED



comment: Deus Ex & Danganronpa? Wtf



comment: Hyrule warriors and horizon zero dawn, has potential



comment: Battlefield 1 and wizard of legend



comment: Destiny 2 and Star Wars Fallen Order



comment: Hell let loose and boneworks VR



comment: Elden ring and Assets Corsa (racing sim) lol



comment: Sniper elite 5 and… anno 1800. Not sure how those would mix.



comment: Satisfactory and skyrim



comment: Yugioh and Valorant? I’m confused here what’s the objective to kill the enemy or send them to the shadow realm



comment: No fun, and buggy as shit?



comment: Elden ring and among us



comment: binding of Isaac and the division 2.. uhhh.. isaac gets a gun??



comment: Hoi4 and Sniper Elite 5 so I guess nothing much changes



comment: Battlefield 5 and gta5



comment: Fallout 4 and Civ6... There's money there



comment: Dark souls and league of legends



comment: Apex Legends and Elden Ring. Huh...



comment: Apex and Elden Ring



comment: Smite and KOTOR2. Interesting combo



comment: Elden ring and bo3. It works out.



comment: Minecraft and seven deadly sins grandcross



comment: Madden 22 and 2k22. Idk how i feel about this



comment: overwatch and magikarp jump



comment: mario kart and dead by daylight sounds like a very strange dlc



comment: Fallout and god of war



comment: master chief running around in a nuclear fallout as the general of the minuet men, a memeber of BOS and all the other stuff. i mean what could possibly go wrong



comment: Breath of the Wild and Team Fortress 2



comment: For honor and phas, vikings, knights, samurai, wu lin fighting all sorts of ghosts



comment: World of warships legends and red dead redemption... "Dutch, what are you going to do with a battleship?"



comment: elden ring and btd battles 2



comment: Deep rock galactic and among us



comment: I've been playing Ghost of Tsushima for so long I forgot what was the last other game I played. Was it rdr2? Dmc 5? Idk all ik is that these Mongols necks look like paper and I have the scissors



comment: RDR2 and ACV



comment: Battlefield 1 and onward



comment: Star Wars the old republic and sea of thieves



comment: gta 5 online and call of duty.. somebody please draw an oppressore mk2 chasing ghost



comment: Could you imagine storming solitude with T-34s



comment: Dragonsm's dogma and Kerbal space program



comment: ELDEN RING AMD DARKSOULS AHHHHH SHIT SHIT SHIT



comment: Elden ring and warframe



comment: Va-11 Hall-A and minecraft, so basically minecraft in detroit



comment: Sniper elite V and crackdown 2



comment: Elden Ring and Doom Eternal



comment: Cod Vanguard and madden 22



comment: Get pilot knocked out by a dragon



comment: Smash bros and elden ring 😎



comment: Wreckfest and Yu-Gi-Oh master duel. So like, a mad max version of Yu-Gi-Oh 5D



comment: borderlands and hollow knight. hmm, looter shooter but all melee and bugs?



comment: Elden ring and Dragons Dogma, fuck yeah.



comment: Neon abyss and the lego skywalker saga



comment: Ark and fallout 4, mutant dinos dear god



comment: Watch the anime Gate modern military vs medieval soldiers



comment: Burnout paradise city and Legends Of Runeterra, how would that work???



comment: Ark and shadow of war



comment: Witcher III And GTA San Andreas



comment: Starcraft (Starbound/minecraft)



comment: New Vegas and bfv



comment: Destiny 2 and Skyrim.... Not sure what to think on this



comment: Minecraft and hearts of iron



comment: Ark survival evolved and old school runescape. Id play that



comment: On a road trip so only I've only played mobile for the past few days. But I think battle cats and polytopia would be interesting



comment: Minecraft and escape from tarkov so basically rust



comment: cod zombies and hunt showdown



comment: Hearts of iron 4 and modded kerbal space program



comment: Eldin ring and borderlands 3 I get to shoot dragons might be fun



comment: New Vegas x the last of us sounds pretty cool to me



comment: Age of empires x battlefield. So basically fucking command and conquer



comment: Arkham knight and the outer worlds, sounds fun as hell



comment: Sooooooo Gorod Krovi?



comment: Pac man and halo



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and WorldBox >:>



comment: Minecraft and Lego Star Wars the Skywalker Saga



comment: Skyrim and pokemon shining pearl, have fun



comment: Dark souls and nfs



comment: A township tale + rocket league haha



comment: Absolute banger



comment: Worms Battlegrounds and apex



comment: Sekiro and Call of Duty 4



comment: FalloutNV, and Saints Row 2



comment: Red dead 2 and chivalry 2



comment: Skyrim and lego dc super villains



comment: Cities Skylines and HOI 4…oh yeah, it’s Autismo time



comment: Splitgate and Deep Rock Galactic. Now those dumb ass dwarves have portals and even more guns



comment: Warframe be Skyrim, I literally downloaded mods to make it feel like warframe so, I guess I actually played it



comment: League of legends and tf2



comment: Dude that would be sick tho



comment: Dead by daylight and Batman Arkham knight



comment: Shits badass



comment: Oblivion and Skyrim so the exact same



comment: Green hell and animal crossing. Huh.



comment: Fallout 4 and Skyrim. That just sounds like outriders with dragons and better crafting



comment: minecraft csgo. just roblox phantom forced lmao



comment: Sea of thieves, minecraft? Minecraft but functional boats



comment: Fallout 4 and Elden ring lol



comment: Minecraft and doom... how would they mix



comment: civ 6 and smash bros. Mario takes over poland.



comment: Fallout with bo2 zombies. Not much change since commonwealth has so many ferals



comment: Battlefield 1 and gta V lol



comment: Daemon x machina and mariokart 8- what



comment: Pokemon and phasmophobia, so basically ghost busters but you can use the ghosts you catch to beat the shit out of other ghosts.



comment: Mass affect Andromeda and deep rock galactic sounds kinds interesting



comment: Warframe and elden ring. Fuckin imagine warframe movement and powers against MALENIA. How badass is that!?!



comment: Minecraft,gta A



comment: Back for blood and for honor



comment: What kind of game does Rocket League and CoD: Cold War make?



comment: Smite and For honor. That’d honestly be pretty dope. fighting style of for honor with the gods from smite



comment: Doom2016 and bo3 😳



comment: I started playing Skyrim again because of this app.



comment: DOOM and MK11



comment: It is elden ring and poppys playtime



comment: Valo and ck3



comment: Dead by daylight x NHL22



comment: Outer wilds and back 4 blood ... Interesting



comment: Bloons td 6 and sea of thieves



comment: Minecraft/elden ring. Uh oh.



comment: Genshin impact and doom.... YES



comment: Advanced Warfare and Halo Infinite



comment: Damn i was gonna say Generation Zero and War Thunder.



comment: Ready or not and prison architect, so, that’s just now a swat team entering a prison that is on the moon



comment: Pokemon and Skullgirls? Shit I'm down



comment: Warframe and the division 2, JESUS MUFUKIN CHRIST



comment: Phasmophobia and guilty gear strive. Huh that would be interesting especially since like 2 characters are immortal



comment: red dead 2 and rust



comment: Destiny 2 and Elden Ring, neat



comment: Blade & Sorcery + Terraria… thats definitely a game



comment: Rdr2, call of duty



comment: Valheim and morrowind



comment: Rocket League and Forza Horizon 5



comment: Ladies and gentleman SKY THUNDER



comment: Arma 3 and Sea of Thieves. Let’s see how that kraken bastard likes some 30mm brrrrrt



comment: Modern warfare 2 and modern warfare 3. Wonder how that would look?



comment: Bioshock infinite and cyberpunk



comment: Monster hunter world and Apex



comment: Stardew valley and elden ring



comment: So I'm guessing Lego Battlefront II is ok then?



comment: Metal gear solid v and doom eternal thats literally just doom 3



comment: Ark Survival Evolved and Monster Hunter World: Iceborne



comment: Sucker punch was a really good movie



comment: Rocket duty



comment: Team fortress 2 and deep rock galactic



comment: Ark survival evolved and star citizen. War zone with space battles up above and dino raids on the ground



comment: Dead by daylight and rainbow 6 siege



comment: Elden ring and warhammer 40k space marine......i have no words, but it sounds fun



comment: Ghost recon Breakpoint and Star Citizen



comment: city skylines and vanguard



comment: Bioshock 2 and need for speed hot pursuit remastered



comment: Hi and welcome to rim war



comment: Minecraft and Dead by Daylight



comment: Fallen order and gta 5 online.. hmm



comment: Far Cry 5 and Project Zomboid



comment: Skyrim and resident evil 4 kinda shit mixture tbh



comment: Minecraft and dead by daylight. How? Lol



comment: Halo Infinite and Elden Ring. Fuck.



comment: war thunder and hunt showdown



comment: Bf2 and war Thunder



comment: Minecraft and tarkov?



comment: 7 days to die and the first Fallout game



comment: Resident evil 4 and Need for speed heat. Gonna be an interesting one



comment: war thunder and mario strikers



comment: Elden ring and dragon ball fighterz



comment: Titanfall 2 and For Honor



comment: I’m not sure how you combine db fighterz and PUBG



comment: The outer worlds and Luigi mansion 3. I don’t even know where to start



comment: Rocket league and Dead by daylight



comment: For honor and Fortnite



comment: I dont think star citizen and elden ring would fair too well together



comment: Payday 2 & elden ring



comment: AC Valhalla and Unreal. I don't know where to begin with that.



comment: Skyrim and mw 2019 so basically instead of finding and upgrading weapons I’m gonna have to buy crates for them



comment: Cuphead and elden ring



comment: Skyrim+Minecraft= nothing really different, just dragons in the overworld



comment: Elden ring and factorio. Fuck. Trying to fend of waves of Malenia while building my factory.



comment: Wait… enter the gungeoun and scrap mechanic



comment: Far cry primal and mass effect



comment: Elden ring and outer worlds...that could be interesting.



comment: Roblox + wolfinstein new order



comment: Dying light and elden ring, that'd be interesting



comment: Fallout 4 and minecraft. Basicly blocky fallout.



comment: Pokemon and Doom



comment: Bruuuuh god of war and rocket league 😂



comment: That bottom image is basically Jurassic World Dominion



comment: Shinobi striker and red dead redemption. Gun jutsu sounds nice



comment: Mass effect and vrchat



comment: Overwatch and Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order



comment: Fallout 4 and fallout new vegas



comment: Beat saber and until you fall?



comment: Pubg and LA Noire



comment: Dead by daylight and skyrim, dont know how that would work



comment: Star Wars battle front and rainbow 6 siege



comment: Nhl and inifinite warfare specifically zombies, unsure how thatd combine



comment: For honor and V rising ( Castlevania 😂)



comment: Battlefield 1 and for honor



comment: Jump Force and Elden Ring



comment: Minecraft and Dark Souls



comment: Elden ring + Ark Survival. Im so fucked.



comment: Skyrim and Morrowind- so much racism



comment: Mount and blade: Bannerlord & TemTem. I guess we getting some beast master troops.



comment: Dead by Daylight and Breath of the Wild.



comment: Monster hunter rise and final fantasy 14. I would kill to get ffxiv with MH combat



comment: Elden ring and sea of thieves. . .



comment: Apex and splitgate mix would be awesome



comment: Elden ring and Borderlands pre sequal



comment: Assassin's creed and fallout 4, sounds cool



comment: Pubg and destiny 2



comment: Snowrunner and fs22… sounds boring



comment: Fallout 4 & Forza Horizon 5



comment: Elden Ring and Crusader Kings 3



comment: Bl2 and sea of thieves that sounds amazing



comment: Cod mw (2019) and rocket league



comment: Pokemon sword and skyrim



comment: Elden Ring, and Alex Legends



comment: Superliminal and fallout 76



comment: Borderlands 3 and prototype 2



comment: Evil within 2 and minecraft



comment: GTA 5 and Fable 3.



comment: Fallout 76 and the division 2?



comment: Subnatica brawlhalla, COME HERE BOI!!!!



comment: A hat in time and Dead by daylight



comment: Dying light 2 and overwatch



comment: Old school RuneScape and diabolo immortal



comment: Gta v and tetris



comment: Destiny 2 and Vampyr



comment: Super monkey ball, and among us



comment: Sonic Adventure 2 and GTA V ? Lol



comment: KOTOR and Satisfactory



comment: Elden ring and hollow knight, how fucked am i



comment: Little nightmares 2 and Doom eternal



comment: Breath of the wild and red dead2



comment: Halo infinite x Diablo 2



comment: Skyrim and payday 2



comment: Naruto Ultimate Ninja and Postal



comment: The Division 2 x Genshin Impact lmfao



comment: minecraft and tarkov



comment: Rimworld and cities skylines



comment: Terraria (tmodloader) and Elden Ring. Hmmm I don't know just sounds like Minecraft with a lot more bosses and better weapons. Actually could be a modpack.



comment: Eldenring and RDR2 sounds like a decent combo



comment: Elden ring and halo infinite



comment: Tf got madden and modern warfare



comment: Skyrim and dark souls remastered.....



comment: Elden ring and Skyrim…would that be Skyrim on hard mode or Elden ring on easy mode?



comment: Elden ring amd League of legends



comment: Bloon tower defense and world of tanks



comment: I would love to now apex legends and paper Mario the origami king would work



comment: I think the dragon would be a bit outclassed actually, but it would be a better air support for ground troops than a plane could ever be



comment: elden ring and world of tanks?? honestly have no clue how that would play out. i feel like most of the enemies in ER have no chance against an actual fucking tank, but the dragons in particular are gonna be a bitch



comment: Call to arms ostfront and monster hunter soooo ww2 but with dinosaurs isnt there a picture like that?



comment: Fallout 4 and farming simulator 22. Either way this goes it gonna suck.



comment: Rust and 7 Days to die. Damn nesr nothing changes



comment: Call of Duty and Borderlands would be badass



comment: I got a boring combo of farcry 6 and farcry new dawn



comment: Sea of thieves and Warframe so just railjack



comment: Door kicker and metal gear solid 5. How would that even work?



comment: Assassins creed 2 and Celeste



comment: Minecraft and Horizon



comment: Chivalry 2 and Ori and the blind forrest



comment: Skyrim and Payday 2



comment: V Rising and Elden Ring...hmmm



comment: Hearts of Iron 4 and MGS: Revengeance



comment: Ark and Destiny 🔫 🦕 🔫 🦖



comment: Elden Ring and Risk of Rain 2



comment: Warthunder and minecraft



comment: Cyberpunk and fallout new vegas



comment: holy shit that would be awesome



comment: Csgo and escape from tarkov



comment: Deep rockk galactic and seven days to die? Hmmm



comment: Guardians of the Galaxy and Plants vs. Zombies?



comment: Gta and Cold war



comment: Mordhau and rust. It would be a midevil rust kinda cool i guess



comment: Arma3 and Wolfenstein?



comment: Enlisted and Castle Crashers



comment: Sniper elite 5 and Rainbow Six



comment: That'd actually be incredibly badass



comment: Cod/forza horizon



comment: I would turn senpai into a battlefield character during ww2



comment: Team Fortress 2 and Avorion. No idea what that would make



comment: Bloons tower defense 6 x escape from tarkov.



comment: Ark and Elite Dangerous



comment: Rainbow 6 and star citizen. Rainbow 6 in space I guess?



comment: Dyson sphere program and hearts of iron 4



comment: Destiny 2 and warzone. D2 battle royale? Could be interesting.



comment: Dead by daylight and Detroit become human. I guess dbd is now a choose your own adventure game in a world riddled with racism?



comment: fortnite binding of isaac



comment: Need for speed heat and Battlefront 2. I don’t even know how that works. Guess we’re racing tauntauns



comment: Rocket league and balloon tower defense 6. Interesting



comment: 



comment: Chivalry 2 and elite dangerous… so firefly? 😂



comment: Deep rock and car mechanic sim



comment: Bloodborne and god of war



comment: minecraft and for honor?



comment: I have no earthly clue how Rainbow six and Rocket league fuse would work tbh



comment: Gears 5 and Guardians of the Galaxy



comment: Gta V and ark survival evolved I’m confused



comment: Resident Evil x Mortal Kombat? 🤔🤔🤔



comment: Valorant x sea of thieves?



comment: Destiny 2 and The Quarry



comment: The Quarry and Resident Evil Village,



comment: Red dead and fallout 76...inter sting



comment: Suckerpunch is the movie truly a fan-fuckingtastic moive



comment: RE8 and Overwatch. I dont think you can make completely opposite games fuse into one like those 2



comment: Dying light 2 and doom. Fucking rad



comment: Payday2 and war thunder. Imma keep it real those cops dont stand a chance in hell against my m1a2 and ah-64d



comment: Stick fight and cod bo1



comment: Skyrim and NHL. So Hockey with magic and swords.



comment: Csgo and risk of rain 2



comment: Rocket leage and rdr2. So im pictureing the gang vs agroup of odriscolls or pinkertons playing rocket horse soccer



comment: Telltale the walking dead and god of war



comment: Bo3 and rainbow six



comment: Rdr2 and sea of thieves



comment: Okay but this is actually a fantastic concept.



comment: Skyrim and DbD



comment: Ready or not and rainbow six siege



comment: Skyrim and DS3



comment: Mechwarrior online and league of legends how would that work



comment: Or hunt: showdown and the forest



comment: God of war 4 and resident evil village



comment: Skyrim and the forest



comment: Risk of Rain 2 and One Piece World seeker lol



comment: Ark and halo sick as fuck master chief vs t rex



comment: Siege and ark



comment: Scp escape together and Minecraft



comment: Elden ring and pubg



comment: Phasmophobia and Fossil Corner. So I guess piece together cursed items to help find a ghost? Not too bad I guess



comment: Elden ring and 2k. Just have ranni break Godfrey’s ankles



comment: Elden ring and katana zero. So open world Sekiro



comment: Insurgency: Sandstorm and Destiny 2. Wooh boy.



comment: Minecraft and Skyrim



comment: 



comment: What the fuck would read dead 2 and maneater be like



comment: Starcraft II and Phasmophobia. Horror genere RTS?! Or, a horror exploration/discovery game, with the zerg?



comment: Finally the Kingdom Hearts/Resident Evil cross over I've been eaiting for.



comment: Minecraft and Elden Ring, solid



comment: Lol ninja gaiden and UNO



comment: Minecraft, rainbow six siege



comment: Chorus and LoL... how would this play out



comment: Ark and Conan, finally, ark 2



comment: Elden ring and Minecraft



comment: Uncharted and the quarry



comment: Skyrim and Bioshock... hmm could be interesting



comment: War thunder and Minecraft lol



comment: Lmao me its Skyrim and Gta



comment: Diablo 3 x fortnite



comment: dude that be fun af



comment: Terraria and apex…hm



comment: Warthunder and rust



comment: Ready or not and the Witcher 3. That’s gonna be interesting.



comment: Starwars bf 2 and smite. A starwars moba would be cool



comment: Rdr2 and fallout 4



comment: Diablo 2 and Ark



comment: Genshin and Stardew Valley, guess it would be cute



comment: Monster Hunter and Witcher 3. Funny enough that they previously had a crossover event in the past. Either way my fat ass is fucked.



comment: Destiny (the good one) and Warframe. Parkour maps are about to get FUCKING SERIOUS



comment: Smash ultimate and dbz fighters



comment: Red dead 2 and cod ww2 zombies. Undead nightmare when?



comment: Stardew valley and war thunder



comment: Cyberpunk and resident evil 4



comment: Portal 2 and slime rancher, how would that work?



comment: War thunder and halo infinite



comment: Sooo...reign of fire? Fuck yeah I played that shit too on ps2.



comment: Arma 3 and factorio. Dear god that's way too much stress



comment: Jedi fallen order and elden ring



comment: Titanfall2 and battlefield1



comment: Kirby and Animal crossing?



comment: Elden ring and rocket league? 🤔



comment: Battlefield 4 and Forza Horizon 5. No idea how that would turn out lmao



comment: Tiny Tina’s wonderlands and Age of Empires 4



comment: Star Wars Force Unleashed 2 and GTA 5? Nobody gonna wanna death match with me 😤



comment: Dead space 2 and doom eternal



comment: Elden ring and cod



comment: Elden ring and need for speed lol



comment: Overwatch and madden, I am very confused on how it would work, but it sounds cool.



comment: Brawlhalla and elden ring so a very difficult open world fighting game that screws you over every chance it gets



comment: Sonic advance 3 and apex legends



comment: Riders republic and sims 4? Interesting but probably won’t make a good game



comment: Uhhhh mech warrior and homefront??? I honestly dont know



comment: Warthunder , dayz



comment: Zombies everywhere



comment: Monopoly and tekken Pretty fitting if you ask me



comment: Botw and titanfall2



comment: Gt7 and elden ring



comment: No mans sky and dayz, honestly im not sure how that would work but that sounds dope



comment: Bioshock 2 and Star Wars squadrons. I have no idea what that entails



comment: Rocket League and War Robots. Sounds fun



comment: Dmc 5 and Ratchet n Clank: Going Commando, Ratchet do got some combos



comment: Pokemon Alpha Sapphire and Devil May Cry 4



comment: Dc universe online and golf. That'll be interesting



comment: War Thunder and Modern Warfare 2019. Ok, I’m down. Basically a better battlefield



comment: War thunder and Space marine



comment: Othercide and Blade and Sorcery. Gonna kill eldritch horrors in VR



comment: Onward and elden ring



comment: Y’all really don’t remember that dragon fighting game from early ps3 do yall



comment: Pokemon gold and dead cells??????



comment: OverWatch and GTA V I don't know where this is going



comment: Skyrim and Minecraft... Hmmm



comment: Runescape and monster hunter rise. Idk how to feel about this...



comment: Ayo what’s the topleft game ??



comment: Sea of theives and forza horizon 5



comment: Fallout and frost punk so a nuclear winter



comment: Minecraft Java and Minecraft Bedrock, so mods and more difficult mobs



comment: Valorant x battlefront 2



comment: Slay the spire and hollow knight?



comment: Ape escape and god of war 😳



comment: rocket league and rainbow six siege



comment: Fallout 76 and Roblox



comment: MGS4 and Spelunky 2?



comment: Sea of thievs and yakuza like a dragon this outta be good



comment: Control and speed runners. The possibilities are badass.



comment: Path of titans and halo, dinoaaur riding mastsr beef



comment: Overwatch and Cod B03. That would be so great



comment: I'm fishin on overwatch



comment: Subnautica and Stardew...



comment: Earthbound and Far Cry 2… idk what it would look like but I’d give it a try



comment: Dead by Daylight and Star Wars Battlefront II....oh god



comment: For me it’s FF14 and Ark survival



comment: Mad max and Yakuza 0



comment: Farcry 6 and forza horizon 4



comment: Shotgun king and stardew valley. Perhaps shotgun valley?



comment: Fallout 4 and drg



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Wreckfest



comment: Just cause 3 + god of war



comment: DUDE for honor and modern warfare the finishers are gonna be epic



comment: Dead by Daylight and Ghost of Tsushima



comment: Yu gi oh duel links and yu gi oh master duels welp its just yu gi oh



comment: Risk of rain 2 and minecraft



comment: Halo 3 and Stellaris



comment: Sot, valorant



comment: Sid meiers civilization and FTL... doesnt really work.



comment: World of warcraft and RDR2



comment: Cold war and breath of the wild



comment: Overwatch and warframe i cant really imagine it mixed together



comment: Pokemon emerald and vr chat



comment: Binding of Isaac and v-rising, idk how that would even work😂



comment: Uh, Attack on Titan 2 and God of War (2018) might be the most wacky combination here.



comment: Chess and Among Us, hmmm, maybe one of your opponents pieces was an impostor you could move but they didn’t know which. Could be fun honestly.



comment: Elden ring and Tiny Tina’s Wanderland



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and rdr2? Late 1800s milsim?



comment: Minecraft and slime rancher



comment: Elden ring and hoi4



comment: V Rising and Destiny?



comment: Far cry 6 and cod iw. Sounds fun to me



comment: Dead by Daylight and The Binding of Isaac



comment: Apex and Smash, jokers gun is gonna come in real handy 😎



comment: Elden ring and war thunder



comment: team fortress 2 and gta 5: Trevor engages in drunken fist fights with demomen



comment: Shadow of war and destiny 2, I would love to send my olog army after daddy calus



comment: Destiny 2 and Phasmophobia. so basically just Season of the Haunted



comment: Horizon forbidden west and elden ring would be a pretty neat combo



comment: Warthunder and DCS so just more bullshit fuck you moments



comment: Swords & Sandals 4 and Audiosurf 👀



comment: Minecraft and destiny 2



comment: Cyberpunk 2055 and Hitman 3



comment: Skyrim+Diablo 3



comment: Sucker Punch. Good movie



comment: Elden ring and dying light 2



comment: Rocket league and Stardew valley



comment: The Quarry and Elden Ring. I don’t know



comment: red dead 2 and days gone… so another zombies dlc for rdr?



comment: Battlefield 1 x Elden Ring well shit



comment: cod zombies and jump king



comment: Elden ring and modern warfare



comment: Destiny and for honor



comment: Ark and dayz



comment: PVZ and Deep Rock Galatic



comment: Rainbow six siege and brawlhalla 🤨



comment: Nascar Heat 5 meets Red Dead 2



comment: Wow and rocket league hmmmm



comment: Extra points if they are in the same universe



comment: Skyrim and mortal kombat



comment: MW2019 & Stellaris. So Cod IW.



comment: Minecraft and iisac the binding



comment: Cuphead and Modded Minecraft



comment: SCP CB multiplayer mod and Rust. Sounds like living hell…



comment: Cod Cold War zombies, elden ring



comment: You've heard of horizontal eclipses... Now get ready for VERTICAL ECLIPSES!
.
.
.



comment: Saints Row 2 and MK11. I am interested



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and the last of us I would say God help us all but even he wouldn’t take part in that shit



comment: Sekiro and Warzone? That would actually be insane



comment: Destiny 2 and Subnautica



comment: Rust elden ring idk if i like that idea



comment: Evil dead and payday 2. I don't even know man



comment: Dark souls 3 and monster hunter world, that shit would slap ngl



comment: Sea of theives and forza horizon 5, could be pretty fun



comment: Outward and solar ash



comment: How do I get better at war thunder. I’m thinking of genuinely killing myself btw so if I don’t get good tips it’s your fault



comment: Elder scrolls online and destiny 2... not bad at all



comment: Just dance and armor warfare. Oh Jesus



comment: Final Fantasy and Deep Rock Galactic



comment: Ape escape and red dead 2



comment: hades and rocket league? i dunno what the fuck that means



comment: Last of us 2 and stardew Valley



comment: Stalker and minecraft



comment: Ark plus sea of Thieves



comment: Me flying a b-17 that one guy who thinks it would be funny to shout at you engine and throw u off course



comment: Elden ring, and gta



comment: Sniper Elite 5 and Need for Speed Heat



comment: animal crossing new horizons and pokemon. seems like slavery



comment: Apex and animal crossing lol



comment: Fable 3 and cod?



comment: World of tanks and no man’s sky



comment: forza horizon x horizon forbidden west, ironic



comment: The Witcher 3 and RDR2… not even gonna lie, that sounds like it would be pretty fun to hunt Native Folklore monsters with a double barrel.



comment: Gears of war and halo



comment: Monster hunter world and spider man miles morales



comment: Diablo 2 and farming simulator 22.



comment: Sea of thieves + Star Wars the Old Republic = Jedi Pirates



comment: V Rising and Siege. Uh oh.



comment: Destiny 2 and Skyrim is the game Ive been waiting for all along



comment: Arma and war thunder. So just arma



comment: Minecraft and mk11, meh



comment: Dark souls and animal crossing



comment: Minecraft and Prey, absolute FUCK



comment: Halo and fallout new Vegas



comment: Minecraft and gta 5



comment: cyberpunk 2077 and fortnite, ngl that might b sick



comment: Devil may cry and minecraft...



comment: Minecraft and Terraria, so i guess i get extra dimesion or two. 4D+ for me!



comment: Persona 3 and Phasmophobia?



comment: 7 days to die and Rust



comment: God of war and fortnite



comment: Fallout 4 and drawn to life



comment: Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky



comment: Dark Souls and Shovel Knight... uh oh



comment: Sea of thieves and state of decay



comment: GTA 4 and Skate 3. Niko grinding on rails in Algonquin. God those 2 games piss me off so much



comment: Shadow of war and elden ring



comment: Minecraft and elden ring. Could be fun, anyone know if there is a dark souls mod for minecraft?



comment: Stardew valley and dark souls 3.... oooo. Also people still play WT!?



comment: Basically destiny 2 x gta v .-.



comment: Minecraft gta



comment: Metro exodus and hellblade... Hm



comment: Red dead redemption and for honor, I would play tf outta that game



comment: Looks like the Dragonborn is playing Gwent and visiting prostitutes.



comment: Gta and minecraft



comment: Titanfall and skyrim



comment: Spider-Man and The Quarry. W/o going into porn territory, those games are polar opposites



comment: Team fortress 2 x RDR2O



comment: Rocket League and Empyrion: Galactic Survival?



comment: Runescape a cod...



comment: I got Kratos fighting robots



comment: DMC5 and RDR2 not bad



comment: Pc building sim and fortnite



comment: Fallout 4 and clash of clans... so basically fallout shelter



comment: Metal Gear Rising and Terraria



comment: Tekken and Starwars: The Force Unleashed



comment: Skyrim and Ark, I feel like that would probably make survival a lot easier, using shouts on dinosaurs and magic and shit on them



comment: War Thunder and Stardew Valley



comment: CK3 and War Thunder, so basically HOI4



comment: Sonic has no legs his main goal now is tag



comment: Papers Please and World War Z… how the fuck?



comment: SCUM and BeamNG. What.



comment: gears of war + halo wars 2



comment: God of war and devil may cry. This could not possibly be any more badass



comment: It takes two and call of duty



comment: Resident evil operation raccoon city and fallout new Vegas🤔



comment: Smash ultimate and sam and max save the world



comment: Fortnite and Stellaris. That's a weird one



comment: Minecraft and dragon ball fighterz



comment: Fallout 4 and Gta 5



comment: God of war + cod coldwar zombies



comment: Skyrim and pokemon



comment: Forza Horizon 5 and F1 2021



comment: Xcom 2 and Minecraft guess I’m fighting aliens with my netherite sword now



comment: Eldenring + Destiny2= unbalanced



comment: Phone monopoly and my singing monsters



comment: Apex and r6 seige



comment: Max Payne and Chivalry?



comment: Cowboys and gods…(smite and rdr2)



comment: MW2019 & Sea of Thieves



comment: For Honor and Sandstorm...



comment: Bayonetta 2 and Persona 5 Strikers



comment: Monster Hunter Worlds and Halo Infinite!? Sounds intensel, im in!



comment: Titanfall 2 and far cry 6



comment: Destiny 2 and Far: Changing Tides



comment: War Thunder and Stardew Valley. Huh.



comment: Elite dangerous and Fallout. So... starfield



comment: My elden ring jesus build aboars the USS Enterprise in world of warships throwing lighting and deflecting shit



comment: Warthunder and minecraft



comment: Fire Emblem 3 Houses x Skyrim



comment: sea of thieves and bigfoot hunting



comment: Pavlov (vr shooter) and gta5



comment: Apex and madden... New Castle about to break the sack record



comment: war thunder and enlisted... well shit that's pretty boring actually



comment: Hey its Avatar



comment: Need for speed heat+death stranding



comment: Sniper Elite 5 and Rocket League..?



comment: Cloud and Kratos



comment: Destiny by daylight 2... hmmmmmm



comment: Elden ring and warzone



comment: I got Forza Horizon 5 x Halo Infinite, which is kind of already a thing because Forza Horizon games have had Pumas for years.



comment: Monster Hunter and Mario Odyssey



comment: Half life 2 + Stellaris... Idk how that would turn out



comment: Warzone and back 4 blood... Might be intense



comment: Dying light 2 and farming simulator??



comment: Sea of theives but with mw 2019. So pirate ships with artillery



comment: World of Tanks and Battlefield 2042.



comment: Halo infinite and Pokemon Brilliant Diamond. Well looks like Master Chief is squaring up to the Covenant with some Pokemon and going to challenge them to a trainer battle. But each Pokemon on his team has a gun.



comment: Maneater and The Division 2



comment: Minecraft and gta v??



comment: Star trek online and rdr2, = firefly



comment: Mine is Skyrim and Elden Ring



comment: Dead by Daylight and Rainbow 6 Siege



comment: Brawhalla and dying light 2



comment: Risk of rain 2 amd insurgency



comment: Warzone and halo wars, now that could actually have some potential



comment: Walking dead saints & sinners/ Division 2 😳



comment: Among us and the show



comment: Monster Hunter World and Battlefront 2. Bruh



comment: 7d2d and Mass effect 1



comment: fallout 4 and the division



comment: Leon Kennedy fucking guns down Ryu



comment: Need for speed/ assassin's Creed



comment: Risk of rain 2 and satisfactory. It would be one awesome 3D tower Defense and bae building game. I would love to see it made



comment: 



comment: Minecraft and Pokemon. I’m pretty this already exists.



comment: Elden_ring and destiny 2.....FUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-



comment: Not sure exactly how god of war and among us would work



comment: Transformers and call of duty modern warfare.



comment: Pokemon and monster hunter rise



comment: Dmc5 and fallout nv



comment: Apex legends+7days to die. So zombie BR



comment: Warzone and ark



comment: Borderlands the presequal and Fallen Order.



comment: Minecraft and BO2, just like the good ole days.



comment: Cyberpunk n skyrim



comment: Ark and atom



comment: That new demon slayer game on switch and sword art online fatal bullet, i imagine it would be what i wanted, the demon slayer story with your own custom character



comment: Gears of war 3 and the forest



comment: CK3 and skyrim



comment: Ark Survival Evovled and Elden Ring, so hunting and taming giant dinosaurs to eventually ascend and become the Elden Lord? Sounds like fun



comment: Pokemon/astroneer... wait that sounds kinda cool



comment: Bro honestly a dog fighting game where you fight dragons sounds sick



comment: Elden Ring and Warframe... this is a dream come true!



comment: The walking dead: the new frontier and modern warfare 2019



comment: Red Dead and Forza, so basically GTA



comment: Elden ring and Rainbow Six Siege. Either a tactical first person 5v5 with swords and spells, or gunning down Godrick with an MP5



comment: Elden Ring and Bloodborne



comment: Rocket league and for honor?



comment: For honor and Fortnite, a battle Royal set in medieval times



comment: The Sims 4 and S.T.A.L.K.E.R Wtf



comment: Ark and dead by daylight



comment: Runescape and PokeMMO



comment: Dark souls 3 and Stardew valley, gonna grow my turnips and beat gundyr into submission with them



comment: Warframe and d&d? Maybe



comment: Minecraft Warzone... no lie, I'd play that.



comment: Spore and Middle earth shadow of mordor. Oh sweet lord....



comment: Marble Blast and The Binding of Isaac. A roguelike platformer sounds interesting



comment: Nekopara and Doom Eternal



comment: Gta and Minecraft. A creeper just attacked Steve and he simply shot it in it's head before getting on his maxxed out horse and going to the village stripclub, where Alex earns her emeralds



comment: Halo Minecraft already exists tho



comment: Apex and World of Tanks. So a tank battle royal?



comment: God of war and doom eternal



comment: Sleeping Dogs and Red Dead 2.



comment: Bloons Tower Defense 6 and Stellaris. Time for a game of Monkeys in Space.



comment: Elden ring and RDR2



comment: I played Elden Ring then played with my dick, I just hope nobody has a picture of that, I've seen enough huge monsters for 1 day



comment: Wolfenstien: the new world order and titanfall 2



comment: Minecraft and animal crossing… oh hell yeah!!!!!



comment: Elden ring/Diablo



comment: Project Zomboid and Ark



comment: Call of duty and some hentai porn game … call of booty



comment: For Honor and Elite Dangerous. No fucking clue how that's going to work



comment: Vrchat and vermintide 2 hell yeah!!!!



comment: Prototype and Prototype 2. Good thing I don't live in New York.



comment: Astroneer cod



comment: Project zomboid + war Thunder = zombie slaughter game.



comment: Last two games I played were doom and dark souls remastered



comment: Minecraft and Avorion. So much Genocide...



comment: Mad Max and Dead by Daylight?



comment: Resident evil 4 and Left 4 Dead 2



comment: Siege and Animal Crossing?



comment: Roblox and Demeo. Not really should how it’d pan out.



comment: Mortal kombat 11 and thief. Wtf would that even look like? Shao kahn pickpockets scorpion?



comment: Metro and ark survival evolved.... Thats incomprehensible



comment: Darksouls 3 and Metal gear rising



comment: minecraft and subnautica, tbh that sounds pretty cook



comment: Minecraft and Elden Ring



comment: Last 2 games I played were tear down and GMOD. The ultimate sandbox game



comment: Dark Souls and Sekiro… so Elden Ring then?



comment: Insurgency Sandstorm and I Am Fish. Interesting



comment: Metal Gear Rising and... Kirby. honestly i want to see that happen



comment: Fallout new vegas and fallout 4, the NCR is about to fuck the Bos and the Legion is about to enslave Preston while freeside gets new robot sex slaves!



comment: Battelfront 2 and titanfall 2



comment: No Man's Sky and Elden Ring



comment: Rock band 2 and fallout new vegas.



comment: Tiny Tina's Wonderland and Dying Light 2. This is gonna be fucking WEIRD!!!



comment: Metal gear rising and smash bros ultimate, let’s fucking go, we get raiden in smash



comment: Elden Ring and Legends Arceus



comment: Ark and hitman 2



comment: dead by daylight and skyrim 🧐



comment: Sea of Thieves & Pokemon GO



comment: hunnie pop and valorant 😈



comment: Ark and dauntless imagine mixing tek and ather



comment: The isle and Ark, it’s the same game but jankier.



comment: Factorio and Planetary Annihilation: Titans



comment: Dark Souls 3 and forza motorsport 7



comment: Civilisation VI and war thunder. Neat so i can fuck britain’s shit up for a second time



comment: Mass effect andromeda and dragon age inquisition



comment: Pokemon Ultra Sun and Guilty Gear Strive



comment: World of warships and minecraft, very interesting



comment: Nier automata and elden ring



comment: fucking rimworld and fallout four, so... rimworld



comment: GTA online and bo3



comment: COD and ARK



comment: Pirate Warriors 4 and Ark Survival evolved... thats uh interesting



comment: ark and deltarune



comment: Elden Ring and Hades



comment: Ark and Cold War zombies



comment: Guilty gear strive and Hunt:Showdown



comment: Project zomboid and gta



comment: Dragon ball xenoverse2 and for honor



comment: Warframe and Warframe. I have an addiction



comment: Sonic colors and super smash bros.. kinda already had a crossover lmao



comment: World of Warcraft + Elden Ring... NICE



comment: Skyrim and fallout 4, hmmm



comment: A nuclear fallout farming survival game



comment: Terraria and Gmod



comment: Terraria brawlhalla?



comment: Eldenring moba



comment: God of war and stumble guys 💀



comment: Fifa 22 and Modern Warfare. Well some people gonna get shot



comment: Trevor about to pour gasoline all over crash bandicoot



comment: Among Us and Ocarina of Time Randomized



comment: EU4 and WarThunder.. meh



comment: Hollow knight and smash bros. Hell yeah



comment: ff14, and csgo



comment: The movie is Suckerpunch and it’s fucking awesome.



comment: Minecraft and cs:go



comment: New Vegas and For Honor, I have no fucking clue



comment: Elden ring and superhot vr



comment: Baldur’s Gate 3 and Elden Ring



comment: Risk of rain 2 and backpack hero. Could be interesting, but risk of rain 2 wouldnt give you eough time to manage your backpack



comment: Destiny 2 and Golf with your Friends



comment: Rainbow six siege and ark 🤔🤔🤔



comment: AC odyssey and forza horizon 4



comment: Dragon Age: Origins + Clash Royale. Imma get my shit kicked by an army of Mini Pekkas led by an Archdemon



comment: Sea of thieves and GTFO. Aquatic sleepers? Ah HELL NAH



comment: Monster hunter and elden ring.... thatd be a special kind of bullshit



comment: Xcom 2 and Teamfortress 2. Mercs vs Aliens sounds pretty fun



comment: War Thunder and Gunner HEAT Pc. So better War Thunder.



comment: God of war and final fantasy xv. That’s just a damn smorgasbord



comment: Subnautica and ark. I no go in ocean 👍



comment: Skyrim and Overwatch



comment: MLB the Show and Battlefield 1



comment: Ok so how would Transformers: Fall of Cybertron fit into Rockband 2?



comment: Overwatch and day z



comment: Dayz and Assassins Creed Valhalla. Zombie vikings?



comment: Team fortress 2 and rimworld



comment: Stardew and sniper elite 5..... Goes fairly well i suppose



comment: Skyrim and the witcher 3 the ultimate open world rpg



comment: Roblox and JC3 (just cause)



comment: Rocket league and pubg



comment: Animal crossing and dying light 2



comment: Homeworld Cataclysm and PlanetSide 2



comment: Bugsnax and happy humble burger barn…happy humble bunger farm



comment: Terraria and skyrim



comment: Far cry Primal and Man Eater



comment: Ark and r6



comment: Skyrim and minecraft



comment: Looks like Spider-man is going to Eorzea. Spider-man PS4, and Final Fantasy XIV



comment: Civ 6 and Elden Ring? Interesting



comment: No Man’s Sky and Ark



comment: Rocket league and fortnite



comment: Plants vs zombies 2 and PvZ heroes



comment: Diablo and pokemon



comment: War Thunder and Farming simulator. Gonna plow a field with my Abrams



comment: Minecraft and Undertale Geode890 that sounds irritating af



comment: Squad and stormworks



comment: Injustice 2 and Deep rock galactic.



comment: 



comment: Rimworld and Vampire Survivors, the ultimate time sink game



comment: Sudoku and Chess



comment: I would definitely play a fallout version of ck3



comment: No mans sky and borderlands 3



comment: Monster hunter world and little witch in the woods



comment: Payday 2 and just cause 3



comment: Skyrim and For Honor… maybe for honor will be a good game now…



comment: Damn Genshin and Warzone



comment: Gta V and pavlov vr. Basically just gta in vr



comment: Red dead 2 and cod. I guess instead of duels you one v one quick scope in Valentine



comment: Sekiro X Minecraft *just to commemorate technoblades death, i hate Minecraft



comment: Apex and mourdhau.



comment: Pokemon and risk of rain sounds awesome



comment: League of Legends and Animal Crossings. Time to become a Tom Nook main and climb to Gold nugget rank.



comment: Hoi4 and elden ring



comment: Genshin, dead rising 2. Hmmmm zombie, open world game with climbing, Psychopaths and gatcha elements. Sounds like my kind of game.



comment: Elden ring and dishonored, fuck yeah



comment: Peggle and dead by daylight



comment: Terraria and Dead by Daylight???!



comment: Bioshock and pokemon, that sounds like the making of a good horror game



comment: Tarkov and Hunt Showdown… I don’t feel like there would be much difference lol



comment: Fall Guys and dead by daylight, would make it pretty easy



comment: Terraria and warframe... Oh fuck yeah.



comment: Pokemon Arceus and Yugioh Master Duel. So either an open world dueling Yugioh game or a Pokemon card game 😐. One sounds significantly better then the other



comment: Dead by Daylight and Goat Simulator.



comment: Hunter call of the wild and fishing planet, nothing really changes



comment: Fortnite and Shower with your Dad simulator 2015.



comment: COD WWII and No Man's Sky? Enlisted april fools event ig



comment: Slime rancher and outer worlds shit got real



comment: Doom Eternal and Doom (2016)



comment: Diablo immortal and hentai hall. No shame.



comment: YuGiOh and Terraria. That sounds like a weird fusion.



comment: Ace Attorney and EU4... hrmmm



comment: Pokemon and MGS 4. Snake’s octo-camo suit is made of dittos



comment: Destiny 2 X Lawn Mowing Simulator



comment: DMC5 and MGRR 😈



comment: Fortnite and Siege,AYO PULSE OVER HERE CRANKIN 90’S



comment: Anyone remember when they let people mod bf3 and skyrim dragons were the first thing they added?



comment: Yu-Gi-Oh duel links and the last of us



comment: Elden Ring and Ghost of Tsushima (the multiplayer one) soo basically sekiro



comment: Elden ring and Hunter call of the wild



comment: Metal gear rising and team fortress 2



comment: Elden Ring and Warhammer: Vermintide........ AWESOME! 😎



comment: Doom eternal and Battlefront 2 sounds fucking epic



comment: Titanfall 2 and spiderman



comment: Battlefield 1 and halo infinite



comment: Ark survival and stellaris, soooo, go from ark to ark conquering each until you rule the galaxy.



comment: Rocket league minecraft



comment: Fall Guys and Overwatch



comment: Hollow Knight and Legends Arceus? Uh.......



comment: Sucker Punch is an awesome movie



comment: Mount and Blade Bannerlord and Holdfast. So basically the Napoleonic DLC for Warband, but better.



comment: Raft and deep rock Galactic I'm not sure but there's dwarfs mining and most of the world is water



comment: UselessOpinion



comment: Fortnite and Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga



comment: Gta Team San Fortress Andreas 2 (TF2+GTA SA)



comment: Minecraft and Metroid Dread



comment: Valorant and csgo, so like 1.6 with abilities



comment: Warframe and dead by daylight



comment: Minecraft and Skyrim.... RLcraft??



comment: Borderlands and super Mario world?



comment: Elden ring and smash bros.



comment: AC3 and Kirby and the forgotten land



comment: Doom eternal and the sims 4 hmmm



comment: Destiny 2 battlefield 1, space magic in the trenches sound pretty fucking bad ass honestly



comment: Deep rock galactic and red dead redemption 2



comment: Sephiroth is about to get his ass kicked by the tf2 soldier.



comment: The new Lego starwars and the ps2 war of the monsters



comment: Dark Souls Remastered and Nickelodeon All Star Brawl



comment: Conan exiles and mount and blade lol



comment: for honor and lawn mowing sim.. uh..



comment: For honor, Star wars battlefront 2 (2017) those were my last played games



comment: Pokemon and Dead by Daylight. I’d play that. Pokemon being accurate to their pokedex entries and actually hunting you down? Hell yeah.



comment: Hunt showdown and alien isolation ... editing now holy shit that would be awesome



comment: aliens fireteam and horizon forbidden west. huh.



comment: Skyrim and just cause 3, I'd play the shit out of that



comment: War Thunder and DCS



comment: Looks like I’ll be investing in the stock market with cats



comment: Horizon and TLOU2. Mecha zombies?



comment: Skyrim and Warframe…



comment: Monster hunter and mario kart? Dlc tracks?



comment: Dark Souls and Kingdom Hearts, would love to fight an eldritch mickey mouse



comment: Dishonored and DOOM Eternal….?



comment: Doom and Red Dead Redemption 2



comment: Siege and forza horizon 5



comment: Mass effect 3 and Elden ring. How in the balls is that suppose to turn out?!



comment: The binding of isaac and skyrim



comment: Fallout 3 and Zelda: BOTW. What does that even mean



comment: Dante’s inferno / AI-EEE Sister Brothel Family Fuck Simulator 4



comment: Grounded and pokemon



comment: well, I have Monster Hunter World, and then Monster Hunter Rise.



comment: Elden ring and Spider-Man? Lol



comment: Skyrim and Diablo 2... I'm picturing a Diablo type hack and slash in Tamriel.



comment: Kotor and Cyberpunk 2077



comment: Elden ring and days gone what a combo



comment: GTA minecraft



comment: Elden ring and Fortnite. Sooo elden ring but you can build when fighting bosses?? Or Fortnite but only with swords and armor?



comment: VRChat and Clash of Clans. So Ready Player One.



comment: Fallout 3 and Gears of War ultimate. Sounds pretty fucking dope



comment: The pic from the bottom is from the movie Reign of Fire. It is a B action film about how dragons blew up the world and people fight them in a post apocalyptic world in castles for some reason.



comment: Borderlands 3 and GTA 5, I'm Concerned to say the least



comment: Lego Star Wars/World of warships



comment: TF2/Monster Hunter World.



comment: Stellaris and Lego Star Wars the complete saga, I like it



comment: Elden ring and pokemon



comment: The cycle and overwatch. Uhhh did i just make apex legends?



comment: Minecraft and Stardew valley, wow I’ve been in relaxation mode huh, sounds like a fun fusion honestly



comment: Pokemon Emerald and Star Wars: The Force Unleashed



comment: Skyrim and ninja turtles



comment: Mario and mw2?



comment: Stardew valley and Smash bros



comment: Stardew Valley and Alice Madness Returns



comment: Fallout 4 and Cyberpunk 2077



comment: Lol Friday the 13th and God of war (2018)



comment: Portal and halo, but thats basically split gate



comment: Doom eternal and halo infinite



comment: Rdr 2 and gta 5



comment: Watchdogs and assains Creed unity. Fucking sucks



comment: Ufc 4 and Halo



comment: Jurassic World Evolution and Fallout



comment: Chivalry 2 and construction sim 2014



comment: Skyrim and No mans sky. Cool. Space magic.



comment: God of war and ace combat 7



comment: Weird. Among us and halo infinite. So just the flood right?



comment: Ww2/splitgate so just ww2 with portals weird but could be fun



comment: Elden Ring+ Kirby and the Crystal Shards



comment: Oh fuck- Resident Evil 5 and Dead By Daylight



comment: Civ 6 and Smash Ultimate, now I wanna see Teddy Roosevelt throw down with Shaka.



comment: Jurassic World Evolution and Stardew Valley…



comment: Mass effect and hitman



comment: Jedi Fallen Order and Bloodborne. Looks like we're exploring abandoned star ships past the outer rim.



comment: Minecraft and Old School Runescape.



comment: Exanima and outward



comment: Sniper Elite 5 and Nba 2k22....The fuck??



comment: world of warcraft and phasmophobia.



comment: Forza horizon 5 and back 4 blood



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and EU4



comment: Snow runner and war thunder interesting combo



comment: Gta and MW... that's just battlefield



comment: Skate 3 and cold war 😬



comment: Aliens fire team elite and assassins creed odyssey. How strange of a combination



comment: Skyrim and the witcher 3



comment: GTFO(free weekend) and Minecraft.



comment: Minecraft/Lego Skywalker Saga… “It’s over Steve I have the high ground.”



comment: Persona 5 royal and divinity 2



comment: Warframe and plants vs zombies battle for neighborville



comment: MLB The Show 2022 and Chess. Weird.



comment: P4 and elden ring



comment: Fallout 4 and left 4 dead 2



comment: Skate 3 and no man's sky 😂😂😂



comment: Final fantasy and overwatch



comment: Red dead and halo 3



comment: Call of duty Zombies, Skyrim



comment: Diablo 3 and red dead redemption would just be the damn dlc that they should’ve already made for read dead 2



comment: It’s called GATE



comment: Halo infinite and the Witcher 3.



comment: Elden ring and 2k22



comment: Destiny two and overwatch



comment: Guardians of the Galaxy and The Quarry…should be interesting



comment: Dead By Daylight and Destiny 2



comment: Clash Royale and 5d chess



comment: Frostpunk and Destiny 2



comment: Runescape and Rocket Leauge



comment: Final Fantasy 7 and Epic Mickey. Yeah, like that’ll ever happen.



comment: VollyBall, and HOI4



comment: Battlefront 2 and warzone



comment: I wanna get pegged by Lightning Farron 🤤 --- I mean uhhhhhhhh tf2 and uhhhhhhhhh



comment: Mass effect 3 and mirrors edge catalyst



comment: Mass effect and stardew valley lol



comment: littlehouseofhorrors



comment: Injustice 2 and Fortnite. Wow what a game



comment: Jedi: Fallen Order and Halo



comment: Fallout shelter and gtav



comment: Oh no



comment: Frostpunk and New Vegas. So like the Frontier but with less… I dunno heresy?



comment: Valheim and No Man’s Sky. Fuck yea space vikings!



comment: Minecraft and skyrim



comment: Skyrim and apex?



comment: Valorant and Pokemon



comment: Rdr2 and cod



comment: Thebeanman99



comment: Ark and Monster Hunter World, FUCK YEAH



comment: Titanfall 2 and apex nothing changed ig



comment: Ember knights and escape from tarkov, yikes.



comment: AC: Valhalla and Control. Looks like the assassins are taking the fight straight into Abstergo



comment: Halo CE and Sonic Riders.



comment: Gta 5 and call of duty



comment: Minecraft and final fantasy 14 online



comment: Madden and COD Ghosts



comment: Hearthstone and fortnite



comment: League and guilty gear



comment: Paper Mario and Witcher 3? Mix a Maple Syrup and a Dry Shroom to make Goomba Oil and apply it to your hammer to do 10% more damage to Goombas.



comment: Fallout 3 & Valheim, i want my viking power armor now!!!



comment: Doom and lego star wars



comment: Forza and Ghost Recon Wildlands......... So the narco road dlc



comment: Minecraft rocket league



comment: FF: Stranger of Paradise and Dragon Quest Builders 2. Lmao



comment: Payday 2 gta v nothing changes



comment: Cod cold war zombies and Tiny tinas wonderland... So basically tiny tinas wonderland but more enemies



comment: Assassins creed valhalla and modern warfare



comment: battlefront II and Rust



comment: Paladins and Shin Megami Tensei Strange Journey



comment: Elden Ring and Minecraft…



comment: Elden Ring and Gmod



comment: War thunder and phasmophobia



comment: GTA 5 and Minecraft



comment: Assassin's Creed : Valhalla and Diablo : Immortal



comment: World of Warcraft & Minecraft Dungeons



comment: Garrys Mod and Minecraft



comment: For Honor and Sniper Elite 5



comment: Sea of thieves and mw2 remastered campaign so modern pirate's



comment: World lf warcraft and Stellaris......that sounds sort of dope tbh



comment: Elden Ring and Minecraft



comment: FFXIV and Kirby and the Forgotten Lands. Doesn’t sound too bad



comment: Rocket league and Battlefront 2



comment: Brutal legend and Jurassic World evolution two



comment: Halo and siege



comment: FIFA and assassins creed



comment: Elden ring and the quarry



comment: Juon the grudge and super Mario Galaxy



comment: Elden Ring and Saints Row 4



comment: Elden ring and Guilty gear Strive. The sol/ godrick matchup sounds nuts



comment: Pokemon and Stardew valley



comment: Chivalry 2 and Gran Turismo 4.... wtf



comment: Dying light two and skyrim would be cool as fuxk



comment: Bloodborne and metal gear rising



comment: Payday 2 And Sea Of Thieves. So sea of thieves but with even more guns.



comment: Destiny and Warframe. Holy shit I must hate myself for playing such grindy games



comment: A Link Between Worlds and The Great Ace Attorney



comment: Minecraft/R6 hmm



comment: Sekiro and elden ring… how’s that gonna work



comment: Sea of thieves and warthunder. Im gun running Athena's.



comment: Fable 2 and Bloons td 6



comment: Mario Kart and Breath of the Wild



comment: Job simulator and Bloons TD6



comment: ESO and DRG



comment: Bioshock skyrim. So its still skyrim



comment: Phasmaphobia and Elden Ring. Extreme suffering



comment: Ffxiv and for honor



comment: Kirby Lost World + Sniper Elite 3



comment: DMC AND MGR. Nothing has changed honestly.



comment: Horizon forbidden west and for honor.



comment: Chorus and skyrim lol



comment: Warframe and Monster hunter.



comment: CoD and sea of thieves. Might be something there?



comment: Fallout 4 and Skyrim



comment: Stellaris and Diablo Immortal... Yeah no idea how they'd merge



comment: Cry of fear and psychonauts 2. So just psychonauts.



comment: arkham city and far cry 5 😶



comment: Elden ring and borderlands 2. Interesting



comment: Divinity 2 and osu!



comment: Magic the gathering arena and Genshin.



comment: Elden Ring and Subnautica



comment: I said war thunder and Skyrim, then read the picture. Heart skipped a sec there



comment: Elden ring and Genshin...oh boy.



comment: Yo I saw a dragon racing game in Xbox store it’s free too



comment: Elden Ring and Fortnite



comment: Pokemon and wolfenstine.... fuck



comment: Super smash and rocket league



comment: Genshin and Borderlands 2



comment: Elden ring and overwatch



comment: Diablo immortal & rocket league…



comment: DOOM 2016 and Outlast. Game was over in 20 seconds and the first 15 was just DOOM slayer grabbing the double barrel shotgun



comment: Fortnite abd chivalry 2



comment: Roblox and vrchat?



comment: Minecraft and cold war zombies. Bit of a change, but I think actually being able to build shit I could get rid of the zombies, especially with a tnt Dupe cannon



comment: Minecraft and fortnight



comment: Star Wars the force unleashed and airport ceo so just star tours



comment: Metroid Prime and Wario Land 4



comment: Star trek bridge crew and ghost of tushima



comment: Rainbow six siege and for honor. Sounds cool i guess



comment: Destiny 2 and far cry 5



comment: Elden ring and dark souls remastered... nothings changed



comment: Ac brotherhood and fall guys



comment: Elden ring and siege



comment: Zuma Deluxe and Minecraft don't really make a good combination...



comment: Doom 2016 and escape from tarkov... Fuck me.



comment: Apex and Satisfactory if i remember correctly



comment: Destiny 2 + Titanfall 2 = titans with magic and vandals with krabers



comment: Stardew Valley and Warframe. So just Stardew Valley with more farming



comment: Destiny 2 and breath of the wild, this could be interesting



comment: Farming Simulator and Flight Simulator would be dope



comment: Resident evil 4 and enlisted



comment: Cyberpunk and detroit: become human. Me likey



comment: They are billions and Azur Lane Crosswaves. This would be something



comment: Binding of Isaac and Minecra- I don’t think i like this.



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Battlefront 2



comment: Warframe and dead by daylight… what the fuck is that gonna look like is rhino going to throw me up on a sacrificial hook on Uranus?



comment: Cp2077 and red dead 2



comment: Modded Minecraft and deep rock galactic …..that’s just a more intensive minning update



comment: Tom clancys ghost recon + hellpoint = tomclancys hell recon... Is this just doom with extra steps



comment: Rust ans clash royale



comment: Minecraft and elden ring.



comment: Dead by daylight and DBfighterZ well I guess I could stop the trappers with base goku tod



comment: Skyrim and no mans sky?



comment: Xcom Enemy Unknown and Among Us... What even would that turn out as



comment: Farming simulator 22 x Dayz



comment: Ark Survival Evolved and Destiny 2



comment: Total war napoleon and doki doki literature club



comment: Witcher 3 and Kirby Air Ride. Don’t think this one works unless I fly Roach around



comment: Overwatch x Farming simulator 2019



comment: Destiny 2 amd for honor (yes both shit games) but THIS HYBRID THO?



comment: Destiny 2 and Risk of Rain 2



comment: Evil Dead and Tiny Tinas Wonderlands. Interesting



comment: Pacman and pinball?



comment: AYE THE METAL DRAGON



comment: Lego Indiana Jones x Shadow of the Colossus



comment: GTA V and Nun Massacre



comment: Paladins and monster hunter world



comment: Subnautica and subnautica below zero. Reaper x shadow.... not fun



comment: Worms and fallout 4... rip



comment: Monster Hunter Rise x Fortnite. That sounds pretty dope haha



comment: Insurgency Sandstorm and Escape from Tarkov



comment: Fallout new Vegas and Star Wars… the possibilities are endless and only get weirder



comment: Counter Stike and Death Stranding. "Sam new orders are available at A site."



comment: Elden ring and shredders revenge me and the turtles gonna be the elden lords



comment: Cod warzone mixed with minecraft



comment: Bannerloard + Mass effect. Should be fun lol



comment: Skate 3 x just cause 3



comment: Simpsons Hit & Run… And Dead by daylight…



comment: Waw wwe



comment: danganronpa real time strategy game



comment: Arma 3 and Warhammer 40k Battlefleet Gothuc Armada 2...... Saucy



comment: Jurassic Park Evo and Minecraft Minecraft with a dinosaur mod



comment: Plague Inc and Farming Simulator 19.........



comment: COD and minecraft. Isnt that basically Fortnite?



comment: Wareframe and halo....so basically destiny.



comment: Mortal shell and battlefront 2. Sounds fucked



comment: Apex and mortal Kombat



comment: Assassin’s Creed Unity and Sims 3?



comment: Lego Star Wars and Warzone



comment: War thunder planes fighting dragons with good physics and mechanics sounds like such a hype game ngl



comment: The last 2 games i played were atk survival evolved and stardew valley im scared



comment: Battlefield 4 and Fsrming Sim 22???



comment: Rockband and fall guys



comment: Skyrim and Infamous: Second Son



comment: Horizon forbidden west and Subnautica below zero. That might actually be pretty cool lol



comment: Dnf duel and mh rise, we an anime fighting game times two now boys



comment: Elden Ring and DBZ Fighters so each boss is a Dragon Ball villain and your character has a power level that you can increase certain stats and basically make your own Dragon Ball character kinda like in Zenoverse but it’s open world and medieval



comment: Halo infinite and diablo 2 resurrected... I imagine something similar to doom... But with loot drops



comment: Supper auto pets with characters from hollow knight



comment: destiny and dbfz 👀



comment: Squad and phasmophobia



comment: Nba 2k22 and assassins creed orgins



comment: Baldo and Portal!



comment: Left 4 Dead 2 and Mobile Legends



comment: Nekopara X League of Legends. Oh god



comment: Fall out 4 and gta5 lol



comment: Nba 2k22 and Mario Party 5. Not sure what to think there



comment: Elden ring and EA battlefront 2



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and GTA 5. Im not sure much changed.



comment: NHL22 and BF4 would be a bit odd



comment: Metro 2033 and Metro last light.



comment: Oh no elden ring and house flipper does that mean im the guy who cleans up the areas every time you rest at a site of grace



comment: Need for Speed: Heat and League of Legends.



comment: The Witcher 3 and The Long Dark. I mean considering that The Long Dark is a survival game this is gonna end up some sort of monster survival isnt it lmao.



comment: ATS and MGR interesting...



comment: God of war and fortnite



comment: For honor and alien fireteam elite



comment: Been waiting for someone to make this game but game devs are stupid.



comment: Minecraft+teardown



comment: PubG and fortnite.



comment: Monster hunter rise and apex? Lol



comment: Titanfall 2 and Exo One. Idk how those would mash at all.



comment: Elden ring and vrchat



comment: That would be fucking awesome



comment: Ready or not and monster hunter rise, dont know how i feel about this one



comment: Fortnite and Outerworlds



comment: Red dead redemption2 and rainbow six



comment: Castle Crashers mixed With Remmnant From The Ashes



comment: GTA 5 and War Thunder. Cayo Perico is gonna be a lot harder to do now that el rubio has the entire soviet tech tree unlocked



comment: Apex Legends and Fall Out 4



comment: Max Payne 3 x Arkham City



comment: Scp 3008 and Wii Sports. Will i be playing tennis in an IKEA?



comment: Diablo 3 and generation zero sounds like fun



comment: Breath of the Wild and The Witcher 3



comment: That’s just Reign of Fire on the og Xbox at that point



comment: Dying light and Tarkov🤔



comment: Oblivion and stalker



comment: Fall guys abd dead by daylight. Should be... Interesting to say the least



comment: Apex and elden ring🤔



comment: Stardew valley + Elden ring



comment: Escape from tarkov and star citizen



comment: The witcher 3 plus red dead 2



comment: Lol minecraft and fortnite haha



comment: That could be cool



comment: Dragon ball and Fallout



comment: Elden Ring and Warthunder...



comment: Horizon zero dawn and ghost of Hiroshima



comment: Skyrim with mods and Spider-Man.



comment: Becastled and doom, I don't even think that would work



comment: I mean kinda sad but i was playing oblivion then decided to do another skyrim playthrough so not that exciting realy



comment: Dead by daylight and pokemon



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and need for speed payback, brings a new meaning to cowboys racing mustangs



comment: Resident Evil 7 and Bloons Tower Defence 5.



comment: Elden Ring and Sekiro???



comment: Escape from Tarkov and Yakuza 0



comment: Monster Hunter and Fallen Order. So... Pso 2. LoL



comment: League and Tell Tales: The Walking Dead 🤔 Kinda just sounds like Arcane with zombies



comment: War thunder and cod waw nothing to special there



comment: Minecraft and elden ring



comment: Back 4 blood and fall guys



comment: Minecraft and Jump Force



comment: BOTW and Blade and Sorcery



comment: elden ring and bf2042



comment: Destiny 2 and fallguys.fuck you mean you got to the crown first?(charges telesto)



comment: For honor and rd2???



comment: R6 siege and Fall Guy



comment: Elden ring and pokemon. You can already do this with spirits tho



comment: Apex Legends and Elden Ring. Sounds sick af



comment: Knights of the old republic 2 and smash bros



comment: Avengers and Apex. Marvel Superheroes battle royale game sounds dope af.



comment: L4d2 and ark, should be interesting



comment: Ark survival evolved and Pavlov. God thatd be great



comment: Minecraft and sword art online: hollow realization. how would that even work?



comment: Minecraft and elden ring



comment: Minecraft and Control, so, creative



comment: Escape from tarkov and rust



comment: Arkham Asylum and The Coin Game. Batman has a gambling problem



comment: Dont judge but Hunie pop and mario kart. I dont know how to feel.



comment: Escape from tarkov and darkest dungeon



comment: Sinking city and backrooms survival, welp, I'm screwed



comment: Warframe and minecraft?



comment: Gta and cold war. So like...gta with more guns and gun customization?? Or cold war more vehicles?



comment: Pokemon and five nights at freddys



comment: Risk of Rain 2 and Elden Ring.



comment: Path of exile and fallout new Vegas



comment: League of legends and dark souls



comment: Apex and elden ring? Goddammit if they add shotguns to elden ring I'll be pissed



comment: Just cause 4 and elden ring



comment: Fall guys x destiny 2



comment: Fortnite and lego Jurassic park



comment: Digimon and destiny 2 pretty dope



comment: Outer wilds and horizon zero dawn sounds sick



comment: Among us and rdr2?



comment: The Witcher 3 and Ark. You know what, Geralt riding a T-rex against the Wild Hunt sounds kinda awesome.



comment: Ark and rdr2



comment: Overwatch and shadow of the collosus?



comment: Ffxiv and huniepop 2



comment: Elden ring and risk of rain 2. I would love to see a game like that



comment: Destiny 2 and stardew valley...



comment: Fallout 4 and Azur Lane.... So, Im imagining F4 wasteland but I have an entire fucking navy's worth of firepower behind me to go take the wasteland with. Sounds kinda cool lol



comment: Border lands 2 and fallout 4 I like this combo



comment: Elder Scrolls Online x Escape From Tarkov



comment: Sea of thieves and monster hunter rise.



comment: Minecraft and god of war



comment: Destiny and Elden Ring. I could use some guns in Elden Ring



comment: Elden ring and Fall Guys...Hmm



comment: Battlefeild and war thunder



comment: Sims 4 and Warzone



comment: Destiny 2 and rocket league 🤔🤔



comment: Metal gear rising and Destiny 2.



comment: Rocket League and Minecraft



comment: DayZ and Ark survival evolved



comment: Elden Ring and Sid Meier's civ 6



comment: Iron order and bio shock 2



comment: Carrion/unpacking simulator



comment: Fuckin Cyberpunk and Minecraft



comment: We were here forever and battlefield 1



comment: For honor and elden ring.... so... its eldenring with a bigger weapon choice and more flushed out PVP.... nice



comment: V rising and valheim...



comment: Monster hunter rise and war frame, what



comment: Borderlands 2 and Halo Infinite. Boutta run some spartan fades with the Unkempt Harold. See how many runs it takes to get Cortana to drop lol



comment: Elden Ring x Risk of Rain 2



comment: RuneScape and probably overwatch



comment: Overwatch x minecraft :[



comment: Stellaris and Darkest Dungeon



comment: Ghost recon wildlands and split gate so no idea.



comment: Pokemon and final fantasy. Hmmm unles we cound phone game, but i dont since they arnt real games.



comment: Assassins creed origins and gears of war 3



comment: Stardew Valley and Fallout 4. I have no idea how that would work.



comment: Vermintide 2 and War Thunder. Looks like Saltapire gets that steam tank after all



comment: Rocket league and age of empires 3 lmao



comment: Monster Hunter Iceborn / Skyrim



comment: Rocket league and monster hunter



comment: Warzlme and Batman Arkham knight



comment: The darkest dungeon + Salt and sanctuary? Fk that would be bleak as hell...



comment: Fortnite Bo3



comment: Mortal shell and amongus 😢



comment: Minecraft and house flipper



comment: Tarkov and Fortnite. I’ll take it lol



comment: Gt7 and for honor



comment: Warframe and valheim could be kinda cool I guess. Hopefully wouldnt have a lot of pay walls like warframe.



comment: Pokemon and Monster Hunter. LET’S FUCKING GOOO!!!!!!



comment: Dying light/apex legends.



comment: FALL GUYS AND RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2. A game where drunk cowboys have to manage around an obsticle course set place in the wild west. Every round, the losing cowboys have to spend the NEXT round in a deadeye showdown competion. The top 5 winners get to come back for redemption in the round after.



comment: Ghost recon breakpoint and the last of us 2



comment: Minecraft and Jedi fallen order. Just sounds like a mod pack



comment: Europa and mount and blade. That'd be siq tbh



comment: Space Engineers and Hearts of Iron 4… huh…



comment: Kenshi and FiveM, that actually seems pretty interesting…



comment: Pokemon and persona 4....so just the games as they were more or less



comment: Ready or not and gta…..oh no



comment: Fall Guys and Bloons TD6. Hmm



comment: COD:BOCW + War Thunder so... Battlefield with extra steps...



comment: Reign of fire?



comment: Vanguard x Valhalla 😳



comment: Cod Cold War and nba 2k…so basically miracle on wood…



comment: So, War Robots and B01 Zombies.



comment: World of warships and fallout 4.



comment: Battle cats and dragon city. are the cats and dragons gonna fight, or will the dragons join the cats?



comment: Halo and 7 days to die?



comment: The outer worlds and ghost of tsushima



comment: Tarkov and FFXV



comment: Gears 4 and valorant. Idek how that would go



comment: War Thunder and Tarkov



comment: Slime rancher and rocket league



comment: The Forest and The Cycle: Frontier



comment: Mw2019 and elden ring become elden lord but i have an rpg epic



comment: Overwatch and destiny 2



comment: Dying light 2 and dragon ball kakarot



comment: dark souls and valorant



comment: Stardew/outer wilds. Grow huge farm on home planet to build/upgrade spaceship and gear used in exploring. Each planet would have new crops/animals to farm and of course it’s own dungeon. I actually really want this to be a game now



comment: Old School RuneScape AND Apex Legends... spicy combination



comment: Middle Earth: Shadow of War, and Borderlands 3



comment: Warframe and The Skywalker Saga, that could be interesting



comment: Resident Evil 3 and Resident Evil 2.



comment: Warzone zero Dawn



comment: Chess.com + Pikmin Bloom… I must be autistic



comment: Overwatch and fifa, idk what that’d turn out to be



comment: Elden ring and 7 days to die. *builds base in boss room and sets up auto SMG turrets*



comment: Arma 3 and Barotrauma



comment: Yakuza 3 x Genshin Impact



comment: Valorant but you can do 360 windmills for ult points



comment: Elden ring and no man sky…. Actually sounds pretty fun



comment: PokemonGO and Roblox



comment: Minecraft and Fable 2, not much to say really



comment: Tarkov and genshin impact



comment: Roblox + Minecraft



comment: Super mario party ahd dead by daylight...



comment: Rust and deep rock, I'd play it



comment: Elden Ring OverWatch



comment: Kirby and the fogotten land and Golden Axe... i...i dont know.



comment: F1 2021 and rocket league



comment: Ark and dying light 2... Zombie rex...



comment: Demon Turf + Dawn of the Monsters, You play as a Kaiju, Giant Robot, or human that can transform into a giant while making your way through various cities, beating up other giant monsters while also platforming around said cities, smashing things that get in your way.



comment: Red dead 2 and new Vegas, so basically just new Vegas 2



comment: God of war and battle for bikini bottom



comment: Dark souls 3 and fall guys!!! Hell yeah bro



comment: For honor and doom



comment: Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 4. So, Resident Evil 6



comment: Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 3. Nothing has changed



comment: Rocket showdown?



comment: Elder Scrolls Online and Yugioh Master Duel...bruh wth 🐤



comment: Super Mario 64 and uhh Animal crossing. Wait



comment: Naruto storm 4 and dantes inferno



comment: Fall guys and apex



comment: Borderlands 2 and fucking pokemon sword. Lol. Am I catching the psychos and trying to evolve them into bad asses?



comment: Ark and pokemon. Im pretty sure there are mods that made this already.



comment: Dark souls 3 and the forest



comment: For Honor and Destiny 2 I have no idea how that would be



comment: Cod Ww2 and slime rancher



comment: Red dead and genshin 🫢



comment: Tarkov and dead by daylight… so hunt showdown kinda?



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and fall guys, no clue how that one works



comment: Over watch + Minecraft = fortnite



comment: Red Dead Redmeption 2 and Dying Light 2



comment: Smite and Tiny Tina's Wonderlands



comment: Apex legends and mario strikers battle league. Idk how that would work



comment: Apex and paladins…. Well shit rampart on top of the payload setting a turret and her wall of shield might work.



comment: R6 and elden ring



comment: Overwatch borderlands??



comment: Elden ring and battle field V no way thats ded a g ame i would buy 😂



comment: Titanfall 2 and Monster hunter….I actually think that should be a game



comment: War thunder and Destiny 2



comment: VRCHAT and The Quarry. Solid combo



comment: Rust and Tiny Tina Wonderlands?



comment: Tiny Tina’s Wonderland and Fallout 76; so a hell scape



comment: …tarkov and bio shock two.



comment: Grand Theft Siege



comment: Jackbox and symphony of war: the nephilim saga…hmmm



comment: Ark and R6



comment: R6 and fall guys



comment: Elden ring and galaga



comment: Xcom 2 and RDR2 so basically Desperados 3



comment: War thunder and Hollow knight?



comment: Titanfall 2 in GTA Robert I think it's going to be quite easy now



comment: Anno 1800 and Miitopia. I have no idea



comment: CSGO and Ready or Not. Idk how that would turn out



comment: Modernwarfare x ghosts of Tsushima



comment: Ark Survival and Rocket League?



comment: Isnt that just drakengard ? Also blazblue cdntralfiction and dragons dogma ...



comment: Bro, imagine a game dogfighting against dragons in a P-51 Mustang. That would be fucking SICK



comment: Monster hunter and dying light



comment: Dying light and rimworld



comment: Cyberpunk and stellaris



comment: Apex and The Witcher



comment: Mario kart and minecraft



comment: Genshin impact and ark survival evolved



comment: Battlefield 2042 and nba2k22



comment: Diablo and Fire Emblem Warriors... i mean a Diablo warriors game sounds fun. So does Fire Emblem with demons.



comment: Elden ring and Minecraft sounds pretty fun tbh



comment: Doom and Pixel gun interesting



comment: Minecraft and GTA V would be so fucked



comment: Wonderlands and bloodborne



comment: Elden ring and monster hunter world. Depends on which rules go where how bad it is.



comment: Skyrim and Rainbow 6 siege



comment: Binding of Isaac and omori, not the worst pair



comment: Elden ring and fall guys



comment: Fall guys and Elden Ring. I got nothing here guys say something funny



comment: Lego batman 2, and gta5... welp interesting combo



comment: Yoooooo no mans sky and destiny



comment: Splitgate and halo infinite



comment: COD and fallout



comment: Minecraft and Forza Horizon 5.



comment: Shin megami tensei 5 and persona 5 royal



comment: minecraft and battlefront 2



comment: Ark survival evolved and red dead redemption 2



comment: Lego star wars and Elden ring. Delicious. Finally, some good fucking combat.



comment: Bloodborne and dark souls 2



comment: Call of duty and god of war i would love this game



comment: Dayz gtav



comment: RDR2 and Monster Hunter World.



comment: Call of duty and tiny Tina's wonderland aren't they both just the same game lol.



comment: Outer Wilds meets Hearthstone?



comment: Warframe and destiny



comment: Car mechanic simulator 2018 and horizon zero dawn



comment: Fallout 3 and Minecraft. So fallout 4?



comment: Lol crash bandicoot and mount&blade



comment: Destiny 2 and sea of thieves: um cap- (excessive clicking) verix of the frozen skiff yes is me (More clicking) have stolen from the galion of a thousand light bearer's



comment: Warthunder and Inscryption



comment: Risk of rain 2 and lost ark, would actually be pretty damn fun



comment: Elden ring and fortnite sounds pretty cool actually



comment: Lego Skywalker Saga and Alien Isolation... Sounds fuckin horrifying



comment: Ark and MW, so just ark pvp



comment: Skyrim and farcry 5



comment: Mgs3 and destiny 2. What the fuck kind of game is this?



comment: Spiderman miles morales and dying light



comment: Tarkov and league of legends, huh



comment: Arma 3 and overwatch



comment: PGA 2k22 and rainbow six siege lmao.



comment: Beatsaber and fall guys….



comment: Skyrim and naruto to boruto shinobi strikers. So i guess skyrim with ninjas



comment: Neon White and FF7 Remake. There's gonna be a lot of fighting I tell you hwhat



comment: Gangbeast and speed runners is just fall guys.



comment: Destiny 2 and Doom Eternal



comment: Forza horizon 5 and sea of thieves



comment: Fuck Roblox Sonic speed simulator and Fall Guys



comment: Minecraft and assassins creed



comment: Northwind and Void Bastards, so like, fronteir bounty hunting in space



comment: Valheim and..... Cruelty Squad. Eugh wtf



comment: Escape From Tarkov and Satisfactory 🤨



comment: Fallout new Vegas *kinda* and Spider-Man



comment: Shadowrunner and farcry 4. Seems fun



comment: Wolfenstein and slime rancher… huh



comment: Ghost of tsushima and rdr2



comment: Oh fuck. Opposising Force and Dawn of War.



comment: Pokemon and tarkov, wut



comment: Farcry5 + back4blood



comment: Me playing porn simulator and cod zombies



comment: Jurassic world evolution and halo



comment: Cold War and hades



comment: City skylines and Smash ultimate? Does this mean ill have a competent stage creator?



comment: Doom (2016) and battlefield 4… seems like it would be a badass campaign



comment: Don’t starve and DBD



comment: War thunder and Minecraft



comment: Fortnite and fall guys it sound the same and it but we guns



comment: Battlefront 2 and For honor



comment: Csgo x The Division



comment: Fallout 4 and Elden Ring



comment: Holy shit.. Rodan in featured. Is Godzilla OK?



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and Peglin



comment: Stardew valley and death stranding



comment: Clash of clans and skyrim



comment: Smash ultimate x Battlefield 4 ???



comment: Doom Eternal x Metroid Prime



comment: V rising and starcraft, night just got allot scarier



comment: GTA V and Stardew Valley



comment: Skyrim and Destiny 2



comment: Sea of Thieves and BO3



comment: Elden ring and hunter call of the wild…. I can finally snipe the elden beast. Thats what you get for constantly being on the other end of the arena



comment: GTA online and cod zombies.... FUUUUUUUUCK MEEEEE If this was a you get sucked into it too id just off myself



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Faction Guerrilla (the Re-Mars-tered edition). So space cowboys with destructible environments?!?! Sign me the fuck up



comment: Pokemon/the cycle frontier. Well, my resource runs just got easier



comment: What about Animal Crossing and Sims 4.......... did I just accidentally create furry porn?



comment: Im very scared dying light and animal crossing



comment: RDR2 and street fighter not bad



comment: Fallout and ace combat



comment: Apex Legends and Rocket League. Don't know how that works out.



comment: Warframe and elden ring… this could actually be really fun



comment: Ffxiv & doom lol I could go for that



comment: Cod ww2 and War Thunder… I guess I get Enlisted.



comment: Bee simulator n gta 5 gonna be like the bee movie but gta style



comment: Pokemon and Skyrim. Paathurnax, I choose you!



comment: Dead by daylight and Overwatch?



comment: Sea of thieves and dead by daylight... idek



comment: Ghost of Tsushima + The Witcher 3



comment: Ark Survival Evolved and Fallout 4, sounds terrifying.



comment: Omari and Fire Emblem. Well that’s gonna be hella depressing.



comment: Death stranding and pokemon



comment: Elden Ring + MarioKart = One hell of a trip



comment: "Star wars the fallen order" and "Maneater"



comment: Titanfall 2 and For Honor? Cant even imagine that game



comment: Elden Ring and LoZ: WW..... Not bad



comment: 7 Days to Die and… I can’t believe I have to say this, but… Fork Knife



comment: Titan fall 2 and kf2



comment: Shadow of War, Borderlands 3. That would be wild



comment: The Elder Scrolls: Arena and Dead by Daylight.



comment: Terraria 1.4 and terraria 1.3



comment: Diablo III and Gardians of the Galaxy



comment: Oblivion and ocarina of time



comment: The last one is an ending from Drakengarde I think



comment: I build a criminal enterprise and with those funds I take down the twisted ancient Egyptian government.



comment: Knights of the Old Republic and Elden Ring. So Elden Ring but with force powers? Im down for that.



comment: Gta online and borderlands 3? What the actual fuck?!!



comment: Team Fortress 2+Dragon Quest Builders 2. . . Why lord... Why..?



comment: Pokemon and call of duty…hmm



comment: Terraria and warzone



comment: Daggerfall and Morrowind… oops I just created the greatest Elder Scrolls game imaginable



comment: Chivalry 2 and Diablo 2 resurrected. So just diablo with knights in it



comment: New vegas and tetris



comment: Kerbal space program and dead by daylight. We’re go for launch in 3.2.. is that Micheal Myers boarding the ship?



comment: League of legends and Devil may cry well shit



comment: The Witcher 3 and Fallout 4... The thought of Geralt pulling out a pipe pistol is magic to my brain



comment: Fallout 4 and tomb raider



comment: Factorio dying light... i think that would make the most fun game ever



comment: Apex Legends and Dark Souls II… hmmm



comment: Mortal Kombat and Paladins... fuck yeah! I'd play it!



comment: Roblox and elden ring?



comment: Apex and for honor



comment: Destiny 2 and No Man’s Sky



comment: Metal Gear Rising and R6S. Whoever lands the 80 hit combo followed by a blade mode vertical slice wins the fight?



comment: Elden ring x Mario Party 🤣



comment: Terraria and Dishonored, it’s just 2d stealth



comment: Red dead and modern warfare



comment: Dead Space, Cyberpunk 2077. Fuck Me



comment: Ghost recon breakpoint x gangbeasts



comment: Elden ring and rainbow six siege not sure what to make of that



comment: Sniper elite 4 and 5 haha



comment: Assassins creed valhala and liftoff drone simulater. Yes. This is what i need



comment: Naruto to boruto and dead by daylight, fuck



comment: Guardians of the galaxy and far cry 3…. Yeah no I’ll pass



comment: Minecraft and uh… fall guys…. Huh



comment: Cod coldwar and lego city under cover



comment: pubg and amongsus



comment: Csgo and apex legends



comment: Dying Light x Asuras Wrath, oh boy here comes angy man kicking the zombies ass



comment: Yoooo Assassins Creed and SWTOR. Either an Assassin MMO or a fucking fire Star Wars Creed game



comment: Apex and rocket leauge



comment: Final fantasy XIV and Terraria hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm



comment: League of gays



comment: Ff14 and Ark...thats a hell of a combo



comment: Tboi x dungreed issac is in them both lol



comment: assassin's Creed 3 and civilization 6?



comment: Skyrim and mafia 2



comment: Apex and elden ring



comment: Uhhhhh Rocket League and BF4



comment: Mass effect 3 and cyberpunk? Feels k8nda redundant



comment: Uno and Street Fighter V



comment: PvZ garden warfare 2 and terraria. Interesting



comment: Nfs heat and gta 5... just gta but car update



comment: Lord of the Rings: Battle for Middle Earth 2 and Crusader’s Kings 3. That sounds pretty decent, depending on how you take it.



comment: Metal Gear and Warframe



comment: Elden Ring and... Mega Man Powered Up



comment: Great fallout new vegas and modern warfare 2



comment: Forza horizon 5 and Need for speed heat, one hell of a fucking car game right htere



comment: World of Warcraft with R6 Siege? A tactical MMO? A MMO in the tom clancy universe? Im not sure how thatd work



comment: Papers please, ori and the blind forest.



comment: Halo meets forza horizon3



comment: Minecraft and Witcher 3



comment: Elden rings and Dying light 2



comment: Tmnt shredders revenge and hitman 2016



comment: Oh wow, that would be bad ass



comment: Kerbal space program/ fall guys (there was a sale)



comment: Monster hunter rise and valhiem



comment: Rocket league with oppressor mk2’s wonderful



comment: Spider-Man and Alien Isolation. Has there ever been a comic where Spider-Man fights a Xenomorph?



comment: Sea of thieves x deep rock galactic



comment: My singing monsters and Destiny 2



comment: Elden ring and Spider-Man.



comment: Fallout new vagas and tabg...



comment: Genshin impact and elden ring. Odd Mashup but I'm down



comment: Population walking dead sounds fuckin crazy, battle royal some zambies with crafting materials and heal with a banana



comment: Shadow of war and Cyberpunk



comment: Elden ring and star wars kotor...



comment: Ark and battlefront 2



comment: Tiny Tina's Wonderlands and Neon White



comment: American Truck Simulator and Dragon Age 2? What the fuck?



comment: Warframe and Battlefield 1. Finally, Conclave 2



comment: Oh no darksouls 3 x Minecraft



comment: Warframe and RDR2



comment: Dark Spuls 2 and Resident Evil 4....i think im fucked😂



comment: League and BoTW...weird



comment: Elder scrolls 5 the thunder war of skyrim



comment: Mtg x dark souls



comment: Sounds like fun to me



comment: Warframe and fortnite



comment: Dying Light 2 and Blade and Sorcery Nomad.



comment: Minecraft and zelda



comment: Forza and Fallout 4? .-.



comment: Dead space and peggle, wtf



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and among us



comment: Diablo 3 and The Quarry. Someone please tell me how that one will work



comment: Elden ring and escape from tarkov



comment: Dragon's Dogma and Diablo 2.... Not HORRIBLE



comment: Forza and rocket league. Not sure how that would work



comment: Doom eternal and assassin's creed:Valhalla



comment: Pokemon and Minecraft; yeah, this is manageable.



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and Red Dead Redemption 2



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and warthunder. So basically just modern war.



comment: Apex / Pokemon unite, what kinda combo would that make? Point scoring battle royale?



comment: Bruh i just played forza 4 and forza 5 last :(



comment: Destiny 2 and Fortnite, gross



comment: Rubber bandits and halo infinite. Today master chief learns robbing brute of money and yeeting baguettes at them is more fun then genocide



comment: I would love that



comment: Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot and Red Dead Redemption 2. Micah's about to catch this hakai



comment: Rainbow 6 and Assassins Creed Origins



comment: Elden ring and valheim



comment: Dayz and subnautica, interesting



comment: Insurgence sandstorm and bo3 zombies



comment: Monster hunter world and fall guys



comment: Kotor and elden ring. Shiiiit. Revan goes brrrrr on the Elden Beast.



comment: Grounded and hell let loose. That either toy soliders or a horrifying ww2 with gaint bugs



comment: Damn I’m so screwed 😂 dead space and GTFO ☠️✌🏽 guess I’ll see you guys in hell 🥹



comment: Stick of truth and division 2



comment: I wouldn’t be against a lego elden ring



comment: Chivalry II and elden ring…. Honestly not a lot of change, just how it controls



comment: So the locust invaded backwater? Looks like a job for Arthur Morgan



comment: Detroit become human and among us (playing with friends don’t judge)



comment: Ghost of tsushima and red dead redemption 2



comment: Snowrunner and CK2. I need to retake Jerusalem but I haven’t cleared the rockslide yet so I’ll have to cross 4 rivers and get stuck in mud 9 times before dues vulting



comment: League of Legends and State of Decay



comment: My last 2 were empire of sin and xcom 2 so i guess just empire of sin 2



comment: Elden ring and shadow of the colossus… sounds absolutely cool as shit



comment: Assassins creed valhalla and cyberpunk 2077



comment: For honor x war thunder



comment: Dragon ball z and fate grand order... Seems pretty fun



comment: DS1x Apex Legends...mid



comment: Apex and Dying Light



comment: Minecraft and Fortnite



comment: The quarry and hitman



comment: god of war and destiny 2



comment: Total war warhammer 3 and Minecraft modded



comment: War thunder and Minecraft, might be interesting



comment: Rainbow six siege and rising storm 2: Vietnam 😳



comment: The force unleahsed and metal gear rising



comment: Rust and borderlands 3 not much changes just more guns.



comment: Dragon age origins and orwell.... welp look forward to the holy state of the archdemon



comment: Fortnite X Rocket League. I’m intrigued



comment: Rocket League and Elite Dangerous. So, space soccer? Or Soccer with guns?



comment: Spider-Man and Spider-Man miles morales…. Soo yeah. Same game



comment: Warframe and Project Nexus. Honestly sounds pretty fun.



comment: god of war, and r6, interesting



comment: Crossout and Spyro Year of the Dragon



comment: Need for Speed Most Wanted 2005 x Need for Speed Heat. Lots of cars



comment: Elden Ring and Pokemon Legends Arceus. OH NO.



comment: Tiny Tina's wonderland and fortnite... so basucly just fortnite



comment: Sea of thieves and no mans sky would be lit



comment: Lego star wars the complete saga for the ps3 and elden ring



comment: Elden ring fortnite



comment: DayZ and War Thunder?



comment: Cold War. Fortnite



comment: Farcry 5 and Minecraft



comment: Modern warfare and pokemon red



comment: FF7r and Destiny 2? Sounds fun



comment: diablo + clash royale?



comment: Skyrim and Xcom 2



comment: Starcraft 2 and Jurassic world evolution 2. So a park of zerg, run by terrans. Yeah that aint gonna go well



comment: Bo2 and pokemon



comment: Elden ring and minecraft,



comment: Overwatch and aliens fire team elite



comment: Postal redux and synthetik



comment: Wreckfest and Assassin's Creed organs



comment: Rocket League and Halo Reach.



comment: Fallout 4 and The Division 2. Hmm…



comment: Ark and astronear.....



comment: Read dead and fallout new vegas



comment: War thunder and rainbow six???



comment: Ark + apex



comment: Gears of War 5, Naraka Bladepoint...I don't see it being so different



comment: Warframe meets ark......this should be interesting



comment: Hell let loose and the new far cry



comment: For honor and Elden ring



comment: Dying light 2 and GTA V



comment: We must go deeper, minecraft.



comment: Last of us and Tom Clancy's The division 2, seems like they fit



comment: Destiny 2 and animal crossing, yeah that’s not gonna work out well



comment: Warframe and Elden Ring... so Naramon bounties on Plains of Eidolon with unranked frame and an unranked skana



comment: Hitman and mincraft



comment: Far cry 5 and escapists 2



comment: Evil dead x Doom



comment: Fable and gears of war 4 lol



comment: Metal Gear Rising and Fallout New Vegas



comment: Rd2 ans Elden Ring 😩



comment: Among us and yandere simulator...



comment: Force unleashed and a plauge tale



comment: What is that bottom image even from?



comment: what the hell is even the objective of ARK/Rocket league



comment: Elite dangerous/sea of thieves space pirates baby



comment: Tanks an hockey… when hockey gets really physical



comment: Farming simulator 2017 and Disney mirror verse. So farmers riding tractors fighting against crop monsters. Hell ya. Or it’s Disney characters just chillin and farming.



comment: Mlb the show 22 and GTA 😭



comment: Kotr 2 and digimon cyber sleuth



comment: Need for speed underground 2 and res evil 4. Nothing like ramming into a crowd of mutated zombies at 170 mph.



comment: RE2 and horizon 5, so zombie highway



comment: Fall Guys and R6S



comment: I got fall guys and destiny



comment: Yakuza 0, and FarCry 6. So yakuza taking down cuban dictatorships and doing break dance fighting



comment: My dream combination game has already been made in Heroes and Generals (RTS + FPS) i just wish there was a game that did it better than them because its a game riddled with premium this and premium that pay to progress at a half decent rate bullshit



comment: The Quarry and Evil Dead: The Game. Possessed werewolves at a summer camp. Or maybe demons vs. werewolves. Sweet



comment: Stardew valley & Subnautica



comment: Cod ghost and bioshock infinite



comment: Red dead 2 and mlb 22 the show..?



comment: Pavlov vr / fall guys...



comment: Outlast plus COD WW2 zombies



comment: DayZ and Hearts of Iron 4. Trying to survive in hostile occupied territory as a soldier in World War 2



comment: The Walking Dead(telltale) and New Vegas, my god…



comment: Dead by daylight and payday 2 i dont know what to say.



comment: Paladins and Pokemon



comment: Pokemon legends arceus and monster hunter rise



comment: Elden Ring and Doom 2016



comment: That'd be pretty damn cool.



comment: Uncharted and Mad Max, i dont even know what chaos would be the result



comment: Battlefront 2 and call of duty



comment: Gays gay gay lesbians gay marriage is a gay



comment: Classic doom and rocket league



comment: Chivalry and hell let loose… fuck yeah



comment: Fall Guys and Dead Dy Daylight👀



comment: Final fantasy 7 and risk of rain 2 sounds fun



comment: r6 and roblox. do i want it? no. will it be epic? yes



comment: DayZ and The Last Jedi hmmm fighting zombies and people with lightsabers



comment: No man’s sky and rocket league so basicly space soccer?



comment: Assassins creed origins and Sideswipe



comment: How would Terraria and RotMG turn out?



comment: Thats just reign of fire



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and fall guys....dont know what this mix could make



comment: Far cry 5 and Assassins Creed Revalations. No idea how that would turn out



comment: Nioh 2 & elden ring



comment: Halo 2 and skyrim



comment: Brotato and Skyrim



comment: So Mario Bros 3 and mind games with fat women through dating apps.



comment: Monster hunter and nier automata. For the Glory of The New World??



comment: Rimworld and Mordhau, oh no..



comment: Dark souls 3 and rdr2



comment: City skylines and Halo Infinite 🤔



comment: God of war and destiny 2, idk what fresh hel this would be



comment: Fortnite and a Visual Novel about fucking women...



comment: SkateKombat13



comment: Far cry 6 and minecraft?



comment: 



comment: Forza Horizon 5 and Farming sim…this will either be the greatest game ever or a shit show



comment: Skyrim & Minecraft. LETS GOOOOOO!!!



comment: Wwe2k22 and fallout 4



comment: Borederlands 2... and borederlands 3....



comment: Metal gear rising and Doom Eternal



comment: Wonderlands and fallout new vegas???



comment: TotalWar Warhammer 2 and DMC 5.



comment: God of war and cyberpunk 2077, johnny silver saying - not that way boy!



comment: Legot starwars and god of war



comment: Roblox terraria



comment: League of legends and New World. I guess Yuumi has a blunderbuss now.



comment: Fall Guys and Animal Crossing….kinda lame



comment: Elden ring and farcry 4



comment: Doom/ war thunder. Blow up demons with tanks and shit



comment: League of Legends and Phasmophobia. Dear god what is it even going to be



comment: A new game I forget the name but you run a tavern, and Stellaris. So space tavern management sim?



comment: Dragon Ball fighterz and Bloodborne



comment: Ff13 and gow3? That’s kinda cool. My 2 games are pkmn and street fighter 5. Basically pokken.



comment: Dying Light 2 / Super Auto Pets



comment: Pokemon/The Quarry. So a group of trainers trying to survive a were-mon.



comment: Farming sim and warface lol



comment: Guilty gear and minecraft/pixelmon



comment: Knight’s Try and Raskulls would make for an interest combination!



comment: Dark souls and Morrowind, i guss im gonna walk my ass all the way to gwins ass. Then get my ass beat cuz my hit chance is too low.



comment: Assassins Creed Syndicate and Mad Max....damn that sounds pretty good actually...



comment: Stellaris and Stardew Valley



comment: FFXIV and vampire survivors.



comment: Farcry6 and dyinglight 2. Interesting



comment: Gta 5 & vanguard



comment: since nobody will see this i shall say some random bullshit. I like go fuck bagels until i bleed then slurp up the blood and eat the bagels.



comment: terraria and dark souls 3..



comment: Kenshi and hoi4?



comment: Skyrim and battlefield 5



comment: Elden Ring and Battlefield 4



comment: Final Fantasy 7 and Battlefront 2?



comment: Minecraft and warhammer 40k battle sister..... be very afraid



comment: Call of Duty Infinite Warfare, and Fallout New Vegas



comment: Rayman Legends + Worms WMD



comment: Persona 5 royal and witcher 3



comment: Pokemon and Paper Mario. Paper Pokemon.



comment: Destiny 2 and dying light 2. Interesting.



comment: Persona 5 strikers and hunt showdown



comment: Honestly mine of would work cyberpunk and battlefield 5



comment: Are we talking strictly video games? Mario bros and mario kart. Any game? Deadpool monopoly and phase 10



comment: I always thought it would be sick if War Thunder and Heroes and Genetals merged into one game



comment: Dragon ball xenoverse and skyrim online how intresting



comment: Saints row 3 remastered and White day: a labyrinth names school



comment: Okay so wobbledogs but dragons >:)



comment: Lego Star Wars and Super smash bros… hmm



comment: Ark and smite



comment: r6 and war thunder.. fcking awesome



comment: Vrchat and GTA5?



comment: Rdr2 and fallout4. Im with it



comment: Fo4, and rdr2. I guess im just playing new vegas.



comment: Fortnite and fallout



comment: A game where ww2 era fighters and tanks fight dragons and other fantasy creatures would be sick as hell



comment: doom/ark



comment: Fortnite save the world and apex



comment: Escape from tarkov and ghost of tushima



comment: League of legends and deeps stone galactic



comment: Yo I can finally hyperdash in Hollow Knight, thanks Celeste.



comment: Warhammer and Hunt Showdown… wait, isn’t that pretty much the Witcher? 🤣



comment: Warframe and Rocket League



comment: Elden Ring and Destiny 2 sounds dope put together



comment: Rim world and stellaris…. Idk



comment: Overwatch and Dead by daylight



comment: Far Cry Primal and World of Warships??



comment: Lego Star Wars and Minecraft or Skyrim don’t really remember



comment: Battlefront 2 and GTA 5. Pulling off massive heists in the Star Wars universe to get power and fame while also eliminating fellow criminals to get a better chance at becoming famous. Actually sounds like fun.



comment: The force unleashed and aliens vs predator



comment: Overwatch and God of War



comment: City Skylines and Fallout 4, so just Fallout 4?



comment: Cyberpunk and metal gear rising



comment: Elden ring / Fallout:new vegas? Oh boy



comment: Warhammer Space Marine and Dead Space 3... necromorphs are about to get FUCKED up



comment: world at war zombies and skate 3. sounds like fun



comment: yo this guy has two features in a row wtf



comment: Dead rising 4 and for honor



comment: Gates of hell ostfront and eu4



comment: Metro exodus and Prey.... fuck



comment: Deltarune/NieR:Automata. The combining themes of Deltarune's "Your choices don't matter" and NieR's nihilism honestly kind of sound like a very depressing game and I am here for that shit



comment: Assetto corsa and whos your daddy.... wtffff



comment: World of warships and dragon age 2. Oh boy howdy



comment: Minecraft, hunt: showdown



comment: Maneater and skyrim let's gooooo



comment: I got Fallout 3 in Far Cry 3 you tell me how I did



comment: Well this is an odd one. Diablo 3 and Need For Speed Heat... so am I just yeeting McLarens at demons?



comment: Fortnite and Apex…heavy battle royale theme lol



comment: Forza Horizon 5 & NHL22. So rocket league, but hockey. Hmmm



comment: Stellaris and 7 Days to Die... Hmm



comment: Rust with rocket league. Uhhhhhhhhhhhghhhhghhhggg



comment: Shantae and the Pirate's Curse and Final Fantasy 7. Huh, neat.



comment: For Honor and Bioshock 1



comment: Path of Exile and Ark. gonna be interesting



comment: Angry birds and Gardenscapes.... nothing really changed besides my lack of need of playing the games I once did.



comment: Its the smae thing i aye eldin ring and dark souls 2



comment: Elden Ring and Leisure Suit Larry…..not bad



comment: GTA5 and god of war 2019



comment: apex and rust....just sounds like a better fortnite



comment: 3 Houses and Cold War.... shit



comment: Red dead redemption and Cuphead



comment: P5 royal and elden ring



comment: R6/LoL very halal



comment: Sekiro and 40k space hulk



comment: Fallout and Halo 5... I'd love a halo rpg.



comment: GTA and blade and sorcery what the fuck



comment: Roblox and Call of Duty.



comment: Ghost Recon Breakpoint and Car Mechanic Simulator 2021



comment: AC Origins and Apex, should be interesting



comment: Beat saber and resident evil 4, this shit is gonna rock!



comment: Hollow Knight and Cuphead. The Knight defeats the Devil?



comment: GangBeasts and Brawlhalla…



comment: Hmmm last night i was playing 3 games for a bit. Ark survival evolved, wizard101 and Mario strikers. Mario technically has magic in it do i would just go with Mario strikers and wizard101.



comment: Pulsar lost colony and demeo



comment: Ghost of Tsushima & Infamous second son, sucker punch would have a masterpiece



comment: Tricky towers and r6



comment: Fallout 4 and Fallout New Vegas



comment: Fallout NV and 3... FUCK thatd be a good game



comment: Elden ring and tiny tinas, sounds fun



comment: League of legends and battlefield 4



comment: Ghost Recon Wildlands, and Division



comment: Dead by daylight and animal crossing



comment: Dead by daylight and god of war (2005) HD. Wtf would that even be



comment: Bloons and war thunder?



comment: Deep rock galactic and beat saber



comment: Classic god of war and cyberpunk



comment: R6 and Andromeda🙃



comment: Uhm for honor and ready or not 😂



comment: Bloodborne and For Honor… i don’t have enough lubed for this



comment: Xenoblade 2 and horizon forbidden west



comment: For honor and sadly warzone. Might be a lil something



comment: Devil may cry 5 and elden ring



comment: Gta and it takes two



comment: Dying light 2 and FFVII Original



comment: Terraria / fall-out shelter . Sounds dope



comment: League and ff14



comment: Destroy all humans and weird west



comment: Pokemon and elden ring



comment: 7 days to die and wwf smackdown 2 interesting 🤔



comment: Dragon's Dogma and Rogue Company



comment: God dammit all I got was doom 64



comment: Devil may cry 3 and dragon ball fighterz



comment: Elden Ring and PUBG



comment: Osrs, cod bo2



comment: Wolfinestin and beatsaber



comment: Prey and borderlands? Thats... thats a weird one...



comment: Stardew Valley and Dead by Daylight. Hmmmm



comment: Spiderman and dead island. I think spidey just got dropped in apocalyptic new York👀



comment: Terraria and vigor. So hardcore terraria where something could breathe on me and Id die. K



comment: Battlefield 5 and gta



comment: Wizard101 and fall guys. Cast magic and make the opposing bean combust



comment: No mans Sky and Mlb the show 22. So baseball in space on alien worlds. And gawdamn... I would play that game.



comment: Warthunder player? So you hate yourself too, good to know



comment: Earth defense force 4.1 and Warframe. Not, really that crazy tbh.



comment: F1 2021 and Gta 5



comment: F.E.A.R and Cruelty Squad….yeeaaah I’m a big fan of dystopian settings but that’s pretty dystopian



comment: Fallout 4 and Stardew Valley



comment: Fallen Earth, and Space Engineers. Nuclear spacepocolypse



comment: Terraria and Battlefield 2042...the Russians are gonna shit their pants when I show up with the Zenith



comment: ghost of tsushima and apex lmao



comment: Vrchat and Star wars Jedi fallen order



comment: Pixelmon



comment: GTA and Animal Crossing….



comment: Far Cry & TLOU



comment: Elden Ring and Hello Kitty Island Adventure 2...



comment: Sims and battlefield. That could actually turn into a fun strategy game where you’re playing god for one side but your people still dumb ass sims



comment: Apex legends and Monster Hunter



comment: Insurgency Sandstorm and Mad Max



comment: Escape from tarkov and Apex legends



comment: Minecraft and Detroit:Become Human



comment: Kingdom of hearts and CoD



comment: Modern warfare and rocket league I’m scared



comment: Elden Ring + World of Warships



comment: Pokemon, borderlands 2. Gonna go catch some guns i guess



comment: Fallen order and Valorant.idek



comment: Rocket league and red dead redemption 2



comment: Minecraft and World of Tanks



comment: Friday the 13th and touhou... interesting



comment: Dragon’s Dogma and Mass Effect



comment: Fortnite STW and Boom Beach would mix very well. Now, you might be wondering “why would you play such a shitass game?” To answer that, you need to put yourself in someone else’s shoes to understand that not everyone has the same taste in virtual entertainment.



comment: 7 days to die and VR poker



comment: Oh Jesus, Pokemon and Call of Duty :/



comment: Persona Q and No Man's Sky don't really see that working out



comment: Fallout 4 and baldur's gate 3



comment: Witcher 3 + call of duty



comment: Elden Ring and Star Wars Battlefront 2...hmm fighting off the sith to become the Elden Lord...i can dig it



comment: For honor and r6 that would be interesting



comment: Dead space and elite dangerous



comment: Bloodborne and demon’s souls are already the same ass game 😕



comment: Hunt showdown and Devil may cry?



comment: Assassins Creed Odyssey and Bloodborne



comment: Knights of the Old Republic 2 and Monster Hunter Rise. Im not sure if i should be excited or terrified



comment: Rocket league and cod I have no idea what’s going on for that



comment: Blood borne and horizon forbidden west



comment: Payday 2 and destiny 2, imma just shoulder charge through the vault



comment: Elden ring and minecraft... if minecraft was a souls game... honestly it sounds terrifying



comment: Dying light 2 and fallout new vegas



comment: Overwatch and Brawlhalla



comment: Kirby forgotten lands and eldin ring. Oh fuck, oh no



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and links awakening. Hmmmm



comment: Bloodborne and battlefield.



comment: That would be a pretty cool game



comment: World of Warships and World of Tanks….WWII: Rehashed.



comment: Civilization 6 and Mortal Kombat... I mean I can make it work



comment: Pokemon and Fallout.



comment: Roblox and rust. They kinda already have all the combinations at.



comment: Destiny2 and ghost of Tsushima🤔



comment: Arkham Knight and Warzone… hmmmm… maybe



comment: Tarkov and iron harvest, might actually be a cool combo



comment: Swtor and diablo 3



comment: Fall out 4 and Maneater



comment: Minecraft and fallguys.... Eh- what



comment: Roblox and Wizard101. Seems like the ultinate Kiddy game.



comment: Warframe and Ninjala



comment: Dark souls 2 and elden ring



comment: Cyberpunk 2077 and Nickelodeon all-star-brawl



comment: Subnautica and Assasins Creed



comment: Shinobi strikers and god of war



comment: Bro make that a game



comment: The division 2 and cuphead. wtf?



comment: Warframe and fallout 76. So i guess its time to get suffocated to death by big tittes of robo ladies and space ninja chicks



comment: GTA / elder scrolls online



comment: Warframe and Minecraft



comment: Path of exile and apex..... no clue how they would mesh



comment: Need for speed payback and war thunder



comment: R6 Avengers



comment: Assassains creed brother hood and assassins creed revelations, every fucking time a post like this shows up i always play the most similar games or minecraft as one of them



comment: Pokemon and rocket league



comment: Csgo Hoi4



comment: Elden Ring and Skyrim, so... Elden Ring but with more Horns?



comment: Ark and Dragon Fable.



comment: Fallout new vegas and minecraft



comment: Skyrim and diablo so like both the same but more spells maybe idk



comment: Assassins creed odyssey and assassins creed origins... i feel like this is just ancient assassins and thats about it



comment: Assassin's Creed and Shinobi Striker



comment: Old school runescape and sex with stalin



comment: Skyrim and Runescape... I guess that means the World Guardian of Gielinor is the Dovahkiin



comment: Bo2 zombies and elden ring



comment: Minecraft and Rdr2



comment: Origins ac and minecraft🤔



comment: Ark and Monster Hunter... time to tame a Magnamalo



comment: Minecraft and space engineers



comment: O.O



comment: Destiny 2 and jedi fallen order?



comment: Tarkov and siege



comment: Hmmm WW2 meets fantasy? Sounds cool



comment: Minecraft and league of legends? That’d be… interesting



comment: Minecraft and Skyrim. So just modded minecraft then?



comment: Jedi fallen order and Darkest Dungeon, sounds interesting



comment: Elden ring and payday 2



comment: Elden ring amd for honor, so elden ring thats all pvp



comment: Project Zomboid and Valheim



comment: Payday 2 and Genshin Impact. That sounds like a fucking nightmare but also super cool at the same time.



comment: Actually my last 2 games. Got me thinking, in the world of skyrim, could you make a metal barrel, put a ball in, and fus ro dah it like a giant spitball?



comment: The last jedi and red dead redemption 2, would be hilarious seeing Dutch use the force



comment: Ghost of tsushima and pokemon emerald, interesting



comment: Minecraft and metal gear rising.



comment: Fall Guys and Funkin?



comment: Clash of Clans/ Hunt:Showdown



comment: Battlefront 2 and gta 5 holly shit this is gonna be lit



comment: Borderlands 2 and rainbow 6 siege, or risk of rain 2 and the sims



comment: Battlefield 4 and Dead by Daylight oh boy Scream with an LMG



comment: Payday 2 and the forest, the forest easy mode? 🤔



comment: Cyberpunk 2077 and Minecraft.... Interesting



comment: I asked this because I have a PS3



comment: So... Is there a possibility that sony will re-release every console they own (besides hand helds)



comment: League of legends and deep rock galactic



comment: Overwatch and tarkov. God help me



comment: Dream league and hollow knight, insects of hallownest playing soccer.



comment: Elden ring for honor.



comment: cod and elden ring



comment: Divinity and elden ring



comment: Elden ring and destiny so uh moon’s haunted and renala is fucking up the hive



comment: Rdr2 and dying light



comment: BRUH TERRARIA AND RISK OF RAIN II



comment: Destiny and shadow of war…that could be interesting



comment: Fortnite and gta 5?



comment: A bunch of gta tryhards vs Jason vorhees…bruh



comment: Gmod and bioshock infinite



comment: That'd be a fucking great game dude, are there any games like this already?



comment: SW:TOR and league of legends.



comment: Enlisted and fall guys... this either ends up woth world War 2 soldiers competing in fall guys games, or those beans from fall guys fighting world War 2...



comment: Ark Survival Evolved and Dead Space. Oh hell no, Lord have mercy



comment: Red Dead redemption 2 and modern warfare 2019. Honestly I fuck with it. Call of duty set in the wild West. That sounds fucking awesome!



comment: Roblox fnf and minecraft



comment: Dragonball frighterz and apex legends



comment: Destiny 2 and No Mans Sky SOUNDS GREAT



comment: Minecraft and Battlefront II 2017



comment: Elden ring and persona 5 royal



comment: Borderlands 1 and teenage mutant ninja turtles shredders revenge



comment: Minecraft and mass effect



comment: What the hell would final fantasy 7 and siege even look like? Like a really story heavy borderlands that actually takes itself seriously?



comment: Anarchy reigns/warframe, too bad nobody knows what anarchy reigns is



comment: Sonic 2 and siege



comment: Warframe and Destiny 2. Oh… oh no…



comment: Tekken and monster hunter lets go



comment: Halo and Hardspace: Shipbreaker….. does this mean i get to tear apart the Pillar of Autumn??? Or that I’ll experience the Covenant invasion first hand from Earth’s Orbit?



comment: Samurai jack battle through time and cyberpunk



comment: Persona 5 Royal and Elden ring, can I summon the let me solo her guy as my persona?



comment: Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate and Guardian's of The Galaxy



comment: Destiny 2 and Elden ring :)



comment: TMNT Shredders revenge and Elden ring....



comment: TheHunter Call of the Wild and Sekiro, looks like im going hunting in mythical fantasy japan



comment: Shadowrun Hong Kong and Fallout 76



comment: Destiny 2 and the force awakens



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and god of war 2018



comment: Warframe and Burnout Paradise. These ninjas be wilin



comment: Apex and NHL 21



comment: Hit man and midnight club la



comment: Batman arkham knight plus arkham city so just normal



comment: Kingdom come deliverance and fucking fortnite, middle age BR



comment: Wwe and halo 2



comment: Stellaris and tarkov... dear god



comment: Yakuza 0 and Rainbow 6. I mean...they kinda did it....sooo



comment: acnh and ff7 !!



comment: Apex legends and oxygen not included. Sounds terrifying



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and No Mans Sky. Very cool.



comment: Street fighter and For Honor. So, samurai showdown?



comment: Warthunder and roblox, theres already a roblox knockoff of warthunder



comment: Mortal Kombat and Elden Ring. Im fucked.



comment: AC Valhalla and Elden Ring. I’m imagining Valhalla, but with Elden Ring weapons and magic. Epic.



comment: SW BF2 and Cold War..



comment: Minecraft and terreria?



comment: Skyrim and Mario strikers? How would that even work



comment: This would make a pretty sick game though 🤔😂



comment: Elden Ring and Grim Fandango. Nokron just got a whole lot more interesting.



comment: Valykria chronicles 1 and 4 lol



comment: Hearthstone and league. Thats just runterra



comment: Brawlhalla and League



comment: Cyberpunk 2077/resident evil 8



comment: Elden ring and gears of war 2



comment: Warzone and binding of Isaac very interesting combo battle royal binding of Isaac style



comment: Assasins creed and fall guys... I dont even know.



comment: Lightning make me hard



comment: Oblivion and fall guys. So essentially the arena, but instead of metal swords, its rubber swords and using magic to steal the tail.



comment: Sniper elite and hunter simulator. Not a huge difference



comment: World of warcraft and Tarkov ..



comment: The wolf among us and the witcher 2. Geralt in modern times? Im all for it!!



comment: Elden ring and snowrunner. I have no clue how that would look.



comment: Naraka and Halo



comment: Elden Ring and FIFA ‘21. My season just got a LOT more treacherous. 👀



comment: Tarkov and Dark souls



comment: Hell Let Loose and Fallout: New Vegas. Interesting idea.



comment: Eldenring and forhonor dont know how thats gonna play out



comment: Hades and brawlhalla. Sounds like a ton of fun



comment: MGS and Stanley parable. Huh weird combo



comment: Pokemon and mlb the show. Ima have a great fucking life.



comment: Jedi Fallen order / DOOM Eternal That sounds fun



comment: Far Cry 4 and Halo 3



comment: SnowRunner and World of Warships...



comment: Elden Ring and Skyrim, bro its basically just Skyrim



comment: TABS and Halo Infinite



comment: Ghost of tsushima & deep rock galactic. Uh



comment: Deep rock galactic amd warframe. Would that be biorobot ninja pirate simulator but dwarves? Or mining simulator but warframes?



comment: Red dead and gta



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and ace combat 7



comment: real talk why hasn't hollywood done a fighter jet vs legion of dragons movie



comment: Modern warfare 2019 and Prototype



comment: Wasteland 3 and dark souls, i don't even know



comment: Sims 4 and Fallout 4 so honestly just better settlement building which sounds like a win



comment: For Honor and Dying Light 2



comment: Gta5 Minecraft



comment: Sea of thieves and New Vegas? Not even sure how those would mix



comment: Supreme commander and aliens fireteam. So basically i just got xcom



comment: Fallout 4 and Forza.... Mad max?



comment: Destiny 2, Splinter Cell Conviction..



comment: Madden and call of duty



comment: CoD Vanguard and Lawn mowing simulator 🤔



comment: Cyberpunk and Ace Combat 7



comment: Devil may cry 5 and Destiny 2



comment: Diablo and cod . Hmm.



comment: Sea of thieves and fallout...🤔



comment: Ark and red dead redemption 2



comment: Minecraft elden ring???



comment: Destiny 2 and horizon zero dawn that’s an interesting combo



comment: Minecraft/hell let loose aka WW2 and building shit



comment: Skyrim and elden ring. Would be fun if it was in skyrims world with elden ring combat



comment: Elden ring and stellaris



comment: Summoners war and Mario wii



comment: Valorant and spiderman miles morales



comment: Doom 2 x csgo?



comment: Genshin + Warframe.



comment: Dead by daylight and legend of Zelda so basically Elden ring



comment: Fortnite and For Honor



comment: No mans sky and jedi fallen order. Wow that would be a bad ass game



comment: Pokemon and yugioh............ HAHAHAHAHA DUEL MONSTERS



comment: Stellaris war thunder- an interesting combo



comment: South park and mafia...ok that will work



comment: Fortnite and my heroes one justice 2 that sounds cool



comment: Insurgency and that one game where that woman says you won't last more than 30 seconds.



comment: Rock band 4 and war thunder



comment: Ratchet and Clank mixed with Mad Max. Actually sounds amazing



comment: Gorilla Tag and Onward. Monke War.



comment: The Division and Minecraft?



comment: How do you fuse oxygen not included and totally accurate battlegrounds?



comment: Fallout 76 and Elden Ring, huh



comment: Yugioh and age of empires



comment: Cyberpunk and Skyrim



comment: Skyrim apex sounds dope



comment: Skyrim, and Stardew valley....



comment: Doom 2016 x Apex legends. Oh my fucking god



comment: Prey + Sea of Thieves.... I now need therapy and will not get near wood boats



comment: LoL and Risk of Rain, i would actually pay to play that



comment: GTA V and Minecraft modded, sounds like paradise



comment: Call of duty modern warfare and Tom Clancys ghost recon break point



comment: Whats that from



comment: Granturismo and call of duty 😬



comment: doom eternal and forza horizon 5… should be interesting



comment: Red Dead redemption and Battlefield 2042. Futuristic cowboys? Fuck yeah.



comment: Warframe and elden ring🤔??



comment: Pubg and For Honor



comment: Devil may Cry and Fall Guys. I’m not going to lie, I can see it happening



comment: Final Fantasy 14 and Battlefront 2... so basically just SWTOR



comment: Lego Star Wars the Skywalker Saga snd Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. This aught to be intresting.



comment: Actually same



comment: Hearts of Iron 4 and Fortnite



comment: Modern warfare 2019, and 7 days to die.



comment: Foxhole and Kingdom Rush



comment: Skyrim and Naruto



comment: War thunder and GTFO—napalming monsters. Fuck yeah



comment: RDR2 and AoE2



comment: Supraland, mario kart would be an odd one



comment: Escape from tarkov and ark. Oh no



comment: Elden ring and Bloodborne, so I’m hunting Demi gods who are cosmic werewolves who can make me have frenzy and madness with scarlet rot.



comment: Dying light and red dead 2



comment: Dead by Daylight and Red Dead Online. So it’s just Deathslinger then



comment: 



comment: Fallout New Vegas and Lawn Mowing Simulator



comment: Halo infinite + Squad



comment: Minecraft and halo infinite



comment: Rainbow six and dead by daylight.



comment: Clash of clans, flappy bird



comment: Rainbow Six siege and Fortnite 💀. Honestly I don’t see that going well or being fun at all 😂



comment: PSO2 and Hitman III… what



comment: Snowrunner and subnautica??? What the hell would that be like



comment: Dying Light and Payday 2



comment: Halo wars 2 & titanfall 2.. interesting



comment: Space Engineers and Destiny 2



comment: Siege and Diablo 3 reaper of souls



comment: F1 and Rainbow 6… could be some pretty sweet heists?



comment: Fallout 4 and.. TF2?!



comment: Project zomboid and halo infinite......so just halo infinite with flood



comment: Star Wars Battlefront 2 and Resident Evil Revelations 2



comment: This guy got Sucker Punch?



comment: Apex and destiny, so just the crucible but with super fucking stupid gadgets? Im down



comment: Ace combat 7 & Shredders Revenge. Weird combo



comment: Sao:fb and fallguys



comment: The binding of Isaac and Elden Ring…



comment: Eco and csgo...?????



comment: Assassin‘s creed odyssey and call of duty modern warfare. Oh God



comment: Rimworld and Bannerlord.. I.. Dont think I can micromanage my whole army lol



comment: Risk of rain meets diablo. Interesting.



comment: Red dead and Minecraft



comment: Grand theft ring, radagon with an uzi?



comment: Sea of thieves and Fallout 4, so basically far harbor?



comment: Gta 5 and dark souls id like to think my undead will be cruising in a jester beheading anything in the way



comment: Guardians of the Galaxy and AC Valhalla



comment: Elden ring and gta



comment: Cod and tiny tinas wonderland so basically the same shit



comment: Sea of thieves and for honor. Would be pretty sick ngl



comment: Team Fortress 2 and Dead by Daylight... Fuck



comment: R6 csgo



comment: rocket league and dead by daylight?



comment: The forest and cod



comment: Diablo 3 and Control



comment: Minecraft and halo4🤔



comment: Toy Story 2 for the ps1 and Tales from Monkey island. What a weird combination



comment: farming simulator and gta5



comment: World of Warcraft. And guitar hero



comment: Minecraft and spiderman. So just modded Minecraft



comment: SAS: Zombie Assualt 4 on pc and Apex legend's. That would be... somewhat intresting?



comment: Deltarune and bendy and the ink machine



comment: Skyrim and minecraft, so basically just modded minecraft. Or modded skyrim. Hmm...



comment: Kirby and Rock band.



comment: Elden Ring and Sonic Adventure 2?



comment: MLB the Show and Jurassic world evolution. I’d love to see it



comment: Apex and warframe



comment: Satisfactory and Sea of Thieves



comment: Doom eternal and Mass Effect 1 sounds like dead space lol



comment: My last 2 was for honor and batman arkam knight



comment: Call of duty and rust. Well fixed the aiming and gun problems in rust but now it takes a million scrap to learn every blue print.



comment: "Spiritfarer" and "spacelines from the far out"



comment: Elden ring and left 4 dead



comment: No mans sky and warframe.



comment: War thunder and cod mw 2019



comment: Deep rock and Battlefield? Idk some dwarf armies fighting eachother doesnt sound to bad



comment: Cold War and NFS Heat?



comment: Splitgate and escape from Tarkov



comment: Gta 5 and NHL22



comment: Metro 2033 and overcooked 2



comment: Ds3 and apex. Things are looking grim



comment: Assassin's creed valhalla and monster hunter world



comment: Elden ring and Destiny 2. I really want to play that.



comment: Rdr2 and farming simulator. Cowboy life.



comment: Cities skylines and Halo... huh 🤔



comment: Dude fucking no mans sky and satisfactory would be fucking LIT combined together



comment: Forza Horizon 5 and GTA? Holy shit



comment: 7 days to die (console edition) and risk of rain 2. So janky post-apocalyptic zombie survival rouge like. Is every 7th night boss night that send you to a new environment upon completion?



comment: Resident Evil Village and Assassin's Creed Valhalla. I may be in trouble.



comment: Fucking apex and dead by daylight



comment: Minecraft and R6



comment: Fallguys warframe



comment: Majora's Mask and Sonic Adventure 2... So will the moon crash first or will the Space Colony ARK? 🤔



comment: RDR2 and elden ring



comment: Siege and dead by daylight.. legion wont be much of a pest anymore ill say



comment: Metal Gear Rising and Team Fortress 2



comment: Phasmophobia and Valorant …



comment: Eu4 and Minecraft...



comment: Forza 5 and... Apex Legends? Well, it'd be a cool open world.



comment: Star wars TFU and conan exiles. Hmmm



comment: Skyrim and battlefield 5



comment: It all started when team rocket blasted off some folks didnt get lucky as most and had to live in a waist land but some got the comfort of living ina vaulg made by the aether foundation or so they thought, but now our vault is starting to crumble, so as my grandfather once did choose a pokemon to



comment: Sims and halo



comment: Elden ring and animal crossing



comment: Bo2 zombies and the division 2. Honestly that seems dope



comment: Star Citizen and Bannerlord, so it's Stellaris but you get to actually lead your troops I guess?



comment: Terratech and vermintide, so im guessing its basically besieged but theres a whole lot more enemies



comment: Pokemon x monstergirl Island 🥵🥵🥵



comment: Demon slayer hinokami chronicals and ghost of tsushima, mongals getting fucked by hashira, nice



comment: Metal gear solid V and republic commando



comment: Mario cart and doom eternal



comment: Terraria and subways surfers



comment: Warframe and minecraft, so hyper realistic terraria?



comment: There's actually a book series with this vibe. It's called Dragonblood, and it's totally worth a read



comment: Dark Souls 2 and Enter the Gungeon



comment: Metal Gear Solid 5 and OW. Venom knocks them out and fulton extracts them



comment: Tarkov and league



comment: Fort Guys



comment: Mount and blade II banner lord and warzone definitely an interesting combo



comment: FIFA and dead by daylight



comment: Rust/ dayz, not too interesting



comment: Doom 2016 and Dark Souls 3



comment: Fallout 4 and apex legends.



comment: Apex and harvest moon one world....



comment: Bo3 zombies and fall guys. I’m not sure how that would be.



comment: Golf with friends apex legends



comment: Monster hunter….. hastune miku



comment: Xenoverse 2 and Hades.



comment: Watchdogs and rdr2



comment: Destiny 2 and Conan exiles sounds great pretty badass



comment: Division 2 and titanfall 2



comment: Horizon Zero Dawn and Sims 4



comment: Warhammer 40k, dawn of war. Cities skylines



comment: Jurassic world evolution 2 and Halo infinite: FUCK YEAH



comment: Elden ring and red dead redemption 2… Arthur: DUTCH I DONT THINK YOU CAN SOLO HER! Dutch staring down Malenia: we only need one more big score.



comment: Elden ring and destiny I wish I could play a game like that



comment: Elden ring, fallout nv



comment: Valorant and Town of Salem



comment: So jsut pokemon



comment: For honor and vermintide 2. I get ganked enough on for honor so fuck that game



comment: Gta v and rdr2 i don't think this is working right because rdr2 is gta but with horse. So grand theft horse?



comment: Borderlands 2 and Beautiful Katamari



comment: Dark souls 2 and stellaris?..



comment: Division 2/Ark survival evolved



comment: Elden ring and Ace Combat 6



comment: Diablo2 & PokemonUnite hmmmm



comment: Digimon and mario party



comment: Sims and tomb raider 🥲



comment: Battlefield 2042 and peggle



comment: If War Thunder wasn't such a trash game this would be a badass concept.



comment: Apex and rocket league 😂



comment: Destiny 2 and Mass Effect Legendary Edition. New raid boss is a Reaper let's go



comment: Monster hunter rise X Warframe.



comment: No mans sky, apex . . . Kinda Dope i dont know



comment: Gears of War 3 and Elden Ring



comment: Middle Earth: Shadow of War & Red Dead Redemption 2



comment: Minecraft/super Mario 64



comment: Hoi4 and Battlefield 1



comment: Halo wars 2 and trailmakers. Tell me how that would go. I want to see how creative the ifunny community gets.



comment: Warframe and destiny 2 😐



comment: Skyrim and destiny 2



comment: Psychonauts and Pokemon



comment: Apex and bl2



comment: 2K and R6. Lame as fucj



comment: Rocket league and cyberpunk 2077



comment: Diablo 2 and world of tanks. A tank game about fighting Satan. Sounds fun as hell



comment: Maneater and elden ring hmmmmm



comment: Pokemon Go and Sea of Thieves. Sounds like an interesting Duo far as I can see.



comment: .............. Elden ring and pokemon emerald..... Dear gods please help me!!!



comment: Minecraft + assassins creed valhalah



comment: Portal 1 and portal 2



comment: GTFO and L4D2.... Wait i'm super fucked



comment: Overcooked 2 and Max Gentlemen Sexy Buisness



comment: Elden ring and genshin impact.



comment: No mans sky and elden ring



comment: Doom eternal and for honor



comment: Rdr2 & minecraft



comment: Mount and blade and project wingman



comment: Zomboid and kingdom come deliverance



comment: Dead by daylight and for honor



comment: Clash of Clans and Devil May Cry



comment: Minecraft and ghost Busters remastered



comment: MLB the show 22 and Overwatch



comment: Unrailed! + Friday Night Funkin’ = Pretty cool if there were Unrailed mechanics.



comment: WWE 2K22 and The Quarry.... interesting



comment: Minecraft and Project Zomboid.. hmm. Hmmmm.. hmmmmmmm.....



comment: Elden Ring and Blasphemous.....fuck



comment: Skyrim and little misfortune this will be hilarious



comment: Ori and SW



comment: Magic the gathering and warframe, nice



comment: Gtfo and Elden ring, most hellish place imaginable



comment: Destiny 2 and Titanfall.



comment: Apex and rocket league



comment: Nier Automata and children of morta



comment: Dragon Ball fighters and elden ring



comment: Monster hunter and terraria



comment: Dark souls and apex legends



comment: Skyrim and the Sims 4.



comment: FTL: Faster than Light and Terraria. Cool.



comment: Dark Souls 3 and Spec Ops the Line



comment: Sekiro and Nioh 2. I. Am. Fucked.



comment: Blazing Chrome and Shadowrun Trilogy



comment: Fortnite and cold war zombies



comment: Derail valley and sleeping dogs. So I guess just sleeping dogs with trains.



comment: Minecraft and 7days to die, nothing has really changed



comment: Elden ring/diablo fuck yeah here we go again



comment: Uno and Among us.



comment: Rocket League and Skyrim



comment: Halo and battlefield



comment: Pokemon and guitar hero???



comment: Elden Ring and For Honor...... NICE!!!



comment: slime rancher and evil within



comment: Escape from tarkov and rocket league... How?



comment: For Honor and Dead By Daylight...Well, Technically, That really happened.



comment: Skyrim and Greedfall. LETS GOOOOOOO



comment: Jetpack joyride/For Honor



comment: Fall guys and ark, soooooo… wtf does that look like



comment: The long drive and planetside 2



comment: Yakuza 0, God of War PS4



comment: Yakuza 0 and R6S



comment: Street Fighter V and Slay the Spire... fighting game rougelike? Bet



comment: Jedi: Fallen Order and Modern Warfare



comment: pokemon and elden ring. fuck



comment: Rocket League and Trackmania.. seems pretty cool



comment: Bro ghost of tsushima and lego star wars the skywalker saga. I don’t even know what this could possibly be



comment: Terraria and elden ring, huh



comment: Pokemon and dead island



comment: Minecraft and Ori and The Will of The Wisps. Huh, that might actually be kinda neat!



comment: Fallout 4 and hoi4



comment: Elden ring/ Yugioh master duel



comment: Madden and red dead



comment: Stalker and Skyrim



comment: Oh god, someone fucking help me. My last two games played are pokemon and overwatch! Its an all out pokemon war bros



comment: Destiny and Elden Ring… 🤔



comment: Total War: Warhammer and Dead by Daylight. I cannot wait to shove a Dwarfen artillery piece into Leatherface’s dumb cunt face.



comment: Dead by daylight and starcraft 2



comment: V Rising and Hunt Showdown. So basically Nosgoth but with base building



comment: Red dead redemption 1 and red dead redemption 2



comment: Breath of the Wild and COD?



comment: Fucking hell no build fortnight and brawlhalla that doesnt sound good at all



comment: Red dead redemption and fallout 4, idk what that makes



comment: For honor and forza? Watch as my highlanders giant blade sticks out of the window in my 1000 hp Datsun 😂



comment: Dead by daylight and escape from Tarkov



comment: destiny 2 and valorant... I gotta play better games



comment: Yu-Gi-Oh Master duel and GTA V.



comment: Star citizen and age of empires, so... Starcraft?



comment: Horizon forbidden west and jedi fallen order



comment: Lobotomy corp and eldenring. I'm absolutely fucked.



comment: Tony Hawk and the Witcher



comment: People playground and bioshock I wonder what that’ll be like



comment: Doom and For Honor, basically just rip through hell like Dante's Inferno



comment: Apex and skyrim



comment: Battlefield 4 and ghost recon breakpoint kinda sounds interesting



comment: Minecraft and ace combat 7



comment: War thunder and Dead space 2 well now I’ll know what a 152mm cannon will do to a necromorph horde



comment: Gta and rainbow, sucks i think



comment: Dayz and battlefield 2042



comment: Inscryption and Risk of Rain 2



comment: Guilty gear and one finger death punch



comment: War thunder and forza 5



comment: Metal Gear Solid: Revengance and Necromunda Hired Gun. It came out all right-ish



comment: Elden Ring and Factorio. I will produce 20,000 smithing stones per minute



comment: Red dead online and rainbow six siege



comment: Elden ring and vampire TM: bloodhunt aye yo just put me down then



comment: Fallout + Avengers



comment: Call of Duty and GTA Online.



comment: Fortnite and warzone, it just got sweatier



comment: Arma3 and project zomboid



comment: metroid dread and terraria



comment: metroid dread and terraria



comment: Vanguard and madden



comment: Tarkov and battlefield 1



comment: That would actually be awesome. Planes and dragons



comment: Vampire Survivors and Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous



comment: Pavlov vr and red dead redemption 2. Literally sounds like one of the best games of all time



comment: For honnor and battlefield 1



comment: Cuphead and batim, uh



comment: Btd6 and apex legends



comment: Elden ring and spiderman



comment: DBZ Kakarot and Morrowind.. actually sounds decent



comment: Slime rancher and overwatch



comment: Battlefront 2 and Zelda



comment: Monster Hunter and Elden Ring...fuck



comment: Oh, that would be so sick. Mine is Deep Rock Galactic and Elden Ring, which honestly sounds so fucking cool.



comment: Pokemon + fortnite =pokemon with guns



comment: Forza Horizon and COD BO1 Zombies.



comment: Minecraft and soma



comment: Minecraft and skyrim



comment: Far cry 5 and ghost recon: breakpoint, so nothing that different.



comment: Minecraft and terraria... 3d terraria? Or minecraft with new bosses and weapons



comment: Ready or not. And beamng drive



comment: South park fractured but whole, Ghost of Thushima. Sounds like just south park



comment: Excluding roblox, Outriders and Astroneer. Sounds fun



comment: Wizard 101 and apex legends



comment: Discord and Minecraft



comment: Cod zombies and kingdom come… huh



comment: War thunder and league



comment: Escape from Tarkov, elden ring



comment: Elden ring and MK11



comment: GTA and it takes 2. This is either gonna be really lame or down right traumatic.



comment: Sudoku and solitaire



comment: Halo and sudoku



comment: Halo 3 and Halo 2. I like halo.



comment: Minecraft and Battlefield 4? So *big sigh of hesitation* something like Fortnite.



comment: Yakuza mixed with elden ring would be badass



comment: Bo3 zombies and subnatica. I’m probably fucked



comment: Halo and Cities Skylines...that could work



comment: Sea of thieves and no man’s sky



comment: Destiny 2 & Elden Ring



comment: Tmod/terraria and vampire survivors



comment: Conan Exhiles and Day of Dragons



comment: Ghost of tsushima and minecraft... Huh



comment: Barotrauma and Factorio, this sounds painful.



comment: House Flipper and Darksiders 3?...



comment: Divinity original sin 2 and a plague tale lol wtf



comment: Apex and cod…



comment: Ff13-2 and ff10 so not much difference



comment: Fallout 4 and final fantasy XIV



comment: Elden ring with Supersmash bros.... POPE TURTLE JOINS THE FIGHT



comment: We Were Here Forever/Modded Minecraft(Blightfall)



comment: Star Craft 2 and Elder Scrolls Online.



comment: Hoi4, fallout 4, ill take it



comment: Arkham Knight and Halo Infinite



comment: Dark souls and botw



comment: Monster hunter world and rainbow six



comment: Metal Gear rising and overwatch…. Not good at all



comment: Postal 2 and Darkwood. Honestly sounds kinda good



comment: for honor and jedi fallen order? for honor on may 4th 2019



comment: Eldin ring and battlefield 2042 shits about to get fucked



comment: Halo and Kerbal Space Program, would love to see how that would turn out



comment: 7 days to die and ARK. What the fuck.



comment: Mad Max and Elden Ring



comment: No Man’s Sky / Yakuza: Like a Dragon ….karaoke in space?



comment: Resident Evil 2 and Mario 3D World



comment: Fallout 4 and jedi fallen order.....



comment: Titanfall 2 and dying light 2. basically a zombie survival, with Parkour and giant robots



comment: Rdr2 and dragon ball xenoverse 2



comment: CyberPunk 2077 and Old (LucasArts) Star Wars Battlefront 2



comment: The Witcher 3 and Skyrim… I’d be pretty fuckin down



comment: Splitgate and valorant,, that would be cancerous



comment: Beamng drive and forza horizon 5



comment: Spore and Ark



comment: Subnautica and bioshock



comment: Assassins Creed Origins and Fall Guys



comment: Mass effect and apex



comment: Rust and diablo 2. Nah



comment: Doom eternal and elder ring ..... heavy metal intensifying menacingly



comment: Mario and Dark Souls



comment: Ingress and rdr2.. Hmm



comment: Far Cry 6 and Escape from Tarkov



comment: Halo infinite and world of tanks



comment: Fallout 76/minecraft hmm



comment: Destiny 2 and raft... i have power and guns but am stuck on a raft in a world where there are no other people 🤷🏼‍♂️



comment: GTA and Rocket League



comment: The fractured, but whole and mass effect, the plot twist is that the reapers are stealing the cats



comment: Far cry 4 and dead by daylight



comment: South Park the stick of truth and mass effect



comment: Pokemon and Destiny 2. Boys, its time to start a rebellion.



comment: Spider-Man Miles Morales and Fallout 4



comment: Sonic Mania and Metroid Dread……Infinite Shinespark and Eggman is teaming up with Raven Beak



comment: Fortnite and yugioh 😂 uh that would be interesting to be chased by exsodia to eliminate you 😭



comment: Elden ring and deep rock galactic



comment: Elden ring and among us 👀



comment: Elden ring and New Vegas. Sounds great. Would be buggy as all hell though.



comment: Elden ring and RuneScape. Now that could be an interesting mix



comment: Gta v and just cause 3 I’m gonna have the time of my life



comment: Csgo and dragon ball legends, bruh wtf



comment: Rocket league and dying light 2 hell yea rocket jumping boosting cars vs zombies



comment: Rocket league and sea of thieves...



comment: Rdr2 and Mount and blade warband



comment: Minecraft and halo 3



comment: Escape from tarkov and grounded



comment: Enlisted and the crew 2



comment: Knocjout cuty and atardew valley



comment: Destiny and apex... Dunno how to feel about that one



comment: Deep rock galactic and battlefield V? Very interested



comment: You left wing



comment: Fortnite and dark souls remastered. Rip



comment: Ark and Jurassic world evolution 2... not much change there



comment: Fall guys and siege. I don't wanna know



comment: Ark, Apex legends. Wtf would even be going on? Someone make a lore lol my brain lacks the capacity



comment: Uhhh red dead 2 and payday 2. I'm intrigued.



comment: Garrys Mod combine with BeamNG Drive



comment: Fallout New Vegas and Elden ring 😟



comment: I think that ulfric could use a couple of B-52s, yeah



comment: Those are actually the last two games I played. Huh...



comment: Pokemon Go and Destiny 2.



comment: Dead by daylight, and ark survival evolved



comment: Elder Scrolls Oblivion and Stardew Valley



comment: Minecraft and Minecraft Dungeons... not much changed.



comment: Hell let loose and fallout new vegas definitely a win win



comment: Idle champions and assassins creed Valhalla



comment: street fighter 4 n assetto corsa , that is really interesting



comment: Destiny 2 and world of tanks. Could be dope



comment: No mans sky/Starcraft 2 I’m down



comment: Xcom 2 and tiny tinas wonderland sounds interesting



comment: Just Cause 4 and Assassins Creed Valhalla



comment: Hunter call of the wild and lego starwars….. hmmmm



comment: SWTOR+Elden Ring



comment: Escape from Tarkov and War thunder. Basically just add infantry into war thunder



comment: World of Warcraft and Ghost Recon Wildlands. Sniping Sylvanas in the woods



comment: If I’m not mistaken fallout new Vegas and Minecraft



comment: Dark souls and stick fight… what would that even make



comment: Pokemon and War Thunder. Cynthias team vs F-4 EJ Kai



comment: Destiny 2 and No Mans Sky



comment: Mafia de and azure lane. How do you combine ship girls and 1930’s gangsters?



comment: Mafia de and huniepop 2



comment: The Witcher and World of Warships, could get interesting.



comment: 7 days to die and castle crashers🤨



comment: Gta5 and destiny2



comment: Rdr2 and last of us 2



comment: Gta and modern



comment: Hmmm osu and the show, rhythmic baseball sounds interesting



comment: I feel like that last picture was a movie in the early 2000s or late 90s. not the actual movie, started with an R i think



comment: Skyrim and Sonic Allstars Racing Transformed😂😂😂🤣🤣 Dovakhin takes the leaaad!!!🙏😆



comment: Call to Arms - Gates of Hell: Ostfront/Deep Rock Galactic



comment: Destiny and ark uhh poor Dino’s



comment: Apex and dbd. Pyramid head is next legend



comment: Hell let loose/ minecraft



comment: Fortnite and Monster Hunter World



comment: Among us and Portal 2, wait that sounds lik



comment: On



comment: Shinobi striker and god of war... hmm



comment: Valhiem and Warframe



comment: No mans sky and Skyrim so essentially starfield



comment: Rainbow 6 and fortnite



comment: Pac-Man and elden ring… oh god



comment: Pavlov and Star Wars Squadrons VR



comment: Destiny2 and Stellaris



comment: Mine would be Battlefront 2 (2005) and M&B: Warband…. What an interesting mix



comment: War Thunder + Roblox?????



comment: Minecraft and little big planet??



comment: Minecraft/Foxhole 🤔



comment: Iron harvest and V Rising. So basically ww2 with mechs and also vampires. Dope I’m in



comment: Sucker punch meme hell yeah



comment: Terraria/Minecraft



comment: Apex legends and forza horzon 5



comment: Ohhhhh shit. Resident Evil 5 and Elden Ring 😍



comment: Fuck. Smite and for honor... well i guess orochi is finally going to get whay he deserves



comment: NO MANS SKY AND POKEMON



comment: Rainbow six / The Force Unleashed Two....



comment: Ac Valhalla and Minecraft



comment: Just cause 4/ Visage



comment: Jedi fallen order and Minecraft. So just a Minecraft Star Wars mod



comment: Roblox and rdr2, so essentially a game that already exists



comment: The Forest and Payday 2



comment: Final fantasy and Returnal. Shit's about to get interesting.



comment: Galaga and nba2k



comment: Gutair hero warriors of rock and Skyrim with all the dlcs I can dig it



comment: For Honor & Skyrim. So skyrim with better fighting mechanics.



comment: Modern warfare and animal crossing…



comment: Ffxiv and Total War Warhammer 2 which I think is just a darker and more brutal FF



comment: Destiny 2 and God of War 2018



comment: Dead by daylight and Red Faction: Guerilla



comment: MW19 and Minecraft, that's just Minecraft with a gun mod, or COD with building



comment: Valorant and rocket league. Yikes



comment: Sekiro shadows die twice and outerworlds



comment: Rainbow six siege/ teenage mutant ninja turtles:revenge of shredder



comment: God of war and diablo....... Not much of any change happened...



comment: dead by daylight and for honor



comment: Genshin and CoD.. Im mildly concerned



comment: Silent hill and overwatch



comment: Farming sim and arc survival, so dinosaur farming?



comment: Deadspace and pokemon



comment: Assassins creed and fallout 4. Ooh I’m excited



comment: Skyrim and Halo



comment: Pokemon go and call of duty mobile



comment: Rust and valorant, so csgo?



comment: Sooo.. warzone rn?



comment: Earthbound beginnings and hollow knight. Hmmmm



comment: Smash Bros and Destiny



comment: Rocket league and trackmania. 🤔



comment: Gmod and beamng drive. Im god?



comment: Elden ring and Devil May Cry 5. Finally I'll stand a chance against the Elden Beast.



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and world war Z sounds pretty badass honestly



comment: Mass effect 3 and dead space. Not sure what to make of that.



comment: TARKOV and peggle..



comment: Elden ring and fortnight



comment: 7 Days To Fantasy XIV



comment: Gta and Insurgency Sandstorm. So a realistic first person game about stealing cars and lighting up taliban bois.



comment: Warframe and Bordlands 2



comment: 7th dragon 2020 and shin megami tensei 4....



comment: Ratchet and Clank (PS5) and Fez



comment: Elden Ring and Destiny 2... Looks like godricks getting hit with a gernade launcher



comment: Metal Gear Rising and Skyrim. "Dragonborn, use your viking sprint to avoid the Dragons flames"



comment: Red dead redemption and ready or not. So an old western swat team



comment: Battlefield 2042 and Overwatch



comment: The walking dead and brutal legend



comment: Sea of thieves and the cycle frontier. Sailing the seas with futuristic guns and sea monsters i guess



comment: Fortnite and Fallout New Vegas



comment: cod and yugioh



comment: Travellers rest and d&d. So basically im the inn keeper for the party in a campaign



comment: Star Trek Online and Ghost of Tsushima. Uhm.....space samurais. Sounds badass to be honest



comment: Garry's MOD and War Thunder



comment: Persona 5 and Resident Evil 8? How the fuck does that work



comment: Wolfenstein + Ark



comment: Destiny 2 and elden ring



comment: Horizon and Yakuza… Fuck yeah.



comment: Devil May Cry and Skyrim



comment: Sucker punch is such a good movie



comment: Mass effect 3 and madden?



comment: god of war 3 and god of war 4



comment: Breath of the wild and animal crossing



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Mass Effect. Space cowboys



comment: Fallout 76 and roblox



comment: New Vegas and lost planet 2



comment: Dying Light 2 and Bully Scholarship Edition



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and fall guys



comment: Dark Souls 1 and Slime Rancher... I don't know if that would be terrifying or beautiful



comment: Wind waker and dont starve. Considering the seas in WW are barren and the islands are tiny i think its gonna be rough



comment: Arma 3 and stellaris space military sim seems legit



comment: Dayz and R6



comment: Wolfenstein and Fallout, not to bad



comment: Minecraft and divinity original sin 2. Huh. That sounds amazing.



comment: Fallout 4 heavily modded with Star Wars and Star Wars the force unleashed 😬😬



comment: Gta and minecraft.. enderman finna get targeted by cops lmao



comment: Apex and horizon



comment: Fortnite + Enter the Gungeon, unless we counting mobile games, then Pokemon Go + Fortnite



comment: Team fortress 2 and dying light



comment: Smite and sea off thieves... Guess i have to murder posidon for treasure



comment: Red dead 2 and elden ring



comment: Jurassic World Evolution and Rocket League......how the fuck



comment: Chivalry 2 and Darkest Dungeon. Oh no.



comment: Cyberpunk and Hot Wheels Racing. I don’t know what to think about that.



comment: Halo CE and halo wars 2 that’s not very exciting



comment: V Rising and Skyrim? Bout the same, tbh...



comment: Dayz/titanfall 2 oh no



comment: Honestly. DRG and aliens: fireteam elite are pretty similar if you thinking about it, ROCK AND STONE vs Zenomorphs sounds dope



comment: Destiny 2 and bartender simulator vr



comment: Dead by daylight x Ark Survival - you're stuck in a hospital working generators to open the doors while being hunted by raptors



comment: Mario Galaxy and Yakuza - Kiryu Goes to Space



comment: Scarlet Nexus and the Division 2



comment: Pokemon wilds with pokemon GO



comment: Stardew valley and car mechanic sim 2021



comment: Grand Theft Redemption



comment: Vrchat and far cry 6



comment: Roblox and the new Mario strikers game. Does anyone know a game in Roblox like this?



comment: Fallout 3 and AC: Origins. Nuclear war took us back to ancient Egyptian tech. Could be cool



comment: skyrim and forza



comment: GTA5 and Forza Horizon 5... I guess I got GTA6?



comment: Siege and 2k?



comment: Dragon ball fighterz and tekken 7.......that would be bad ass just to see goku clapp gin's cheeks



comment: Rdr2/Lego Skywalker Saga



comment: Fuck me, Cuphead meeting Modern Warfare doesn’t feel promising



comment: Siege and Halo Wars 2. That would honestly be a super interesting combo



comment: Final fantasy 14 and Valorant 🤔



comment: Minecraft and doom eternal



comment: No mans sky and minecraft. So kinda like starbound



comment: Halo, Minecraft… hm



comment: The forest and green hell 🤔



comment: Rocket league and Escape from Tarkov…..



comment: Apex and Terraria. Huh.



comment: Elden ring and Alan wake sounds not fun



comment: Guess Raiden will be fighting alongside the turtles



comment: Far cry 6 and Shredder's revenge a open world Ninja turtle games would be fucking awesome.



comment: Escape from tarkov and elden ring...well fuck



comment: Ghost of tsushima and Read dead 2



comment: Rocket league and red dead 2



comment: Deep rock galactic and 40k inquisitor 🦀



comment: Destiny 2 and Overwatch



comment: Call of duty and Cyberpunk



comment: AC Valhalla and RDR2



comment: Nioh, and DS1: Remastered. So, I'm finding that Nioh is much harder than Soulsborne games. I think DS and BB are better than nioh, but Nioh just is much more difficult imo.



comment: Doax3 and phoenix point, so a group of bikini clad martial artists fight off an alien invasion caused by a mutagenitic virus that transforms peolle into crab monsters



comment: astroneer and far cry 3???



comment: Dead by daylight and Ace Attorney....



comment: Minecraft and Lego Star Wars, so start off as Steve beat the ender dragon and be thanked by the Jedi and told I’m force sensitive and then go be trained by the Jedi. Sounds like a dream



comment: Infamous and gang beasts I NEED IT



comment: State of decay 2 and borderlands 3



comment: Roblox fortnites already a thing



comment: Elden ring and Destiny 2



comment: RDR2 and The Force Unleashed.



comment: Warframe and Borderlands 2. My god it's perfect.



comment: Doom 2016/Primal Carnage...Demonic Dinosaurs.



comment: Pathfinder wrath of the righteous and yakuza



comment: Stellaris / Chivalry



comment: Gtav and league of legends. What would happen?



comment: Cycle Frontier and Minecraft. Sounds awesome



comment: Mario party /acnh



comment: Destiny 2 and dragon ball xenoverse 2



comment: Battlefield V and Skyrim 😂



comment: Stardew vally and age of calamity hmmmmmmm



comment: Cyberpunk and Mario golf lol



comment: Kingdom come deliverance and gtfo fuckin sick



comment: world of warcraft / minecraft



comment: Ohhh overwatch and dead by daylight



comment: Resident evil 4 and iron man vr. Hell. Yes.



comment: Skyrim and HOI4...... :/



comment: Bruh, fucking Minecraft and terraria, shit doesn’t really change too much



comment: Smash ultimate and total war Rome 2



comment: Modern warfare 2019 and star wars battlefront 2. Captain price:WHAT IN THE BLOODY HELL IS THAT!?!?!? *Emporer Palpatine electrocutes 10 SAS troops down in seconds*



comment: Apex and NBA 2K



comment: Rust and residents evil 5



comment: Civ 6 and Dead by Daylight, what the hell would that be?



comment: Skyrim vibes I need them that game is THE og



comment: Brawl stars and minecraft lowkey would seem kinda cool



comment: Fallout 4 and legend of Zelda Botw



comment: Smite and ark



comment: Thats just gorod krovi



comment: Destiny and Elden Ring... what? How even? I don't



comment: Csgo/7 days to die



comment: Master cheif halo and chess



comment: Senran kagura estival versus/the 3rd birthday... my god its madoka magica all over again...



comment: Splitgate / minecraft. Interesting



comment: Space engineers and project zomboid lol



comment: The quarry/bloodhunt



comment: Besiege and cyberpunk? If we want to exclude besiege then the other one was outer worlds



comment: Hoi4 and ER



comment: Xenoverse 2 and portal 2



comment: Destiny 2 and Terraria. Not sure how that's ever gonna work



comment: Celeste and hollow knight



comment: War thunder and no mans sky



comment: red dead redemption 2 and elden ring..... this seems interesting to say the least. atleast one fight turns into a quick draw match



comment: Terraria and for honnor....



comment: Oh god, elden ring and warzone.



comment: As more Minecraft and for honor



comment: For honor and terraria, time to bash spam moon lord with conq



comment: Minecraft and world of warships?



comment: Sniper elite 5 /the evil dead game. So pretty much ww2 with demons fuck yesss



comment: For honor and total war shogun 2



comment: Mariokart DS and Dragon ball origins



comment: Halo Infinite and Oblivion. Thats a weird combo...



comment: Minecraft and Arma 3….what would this be?



comment: Fallen order and elden ring



comment: Lmao. Red dead land cyberpunk



comment: Mad max and phasmophobia



comment: Just cause 3 and elden ring, could be pretty badass



comment: Cyberpunk and DayZ



comment: God of war and mad max



comment: Pokemon sword and Mortal Kombat 11. I think this would be an awesome game. Can you imagine a more graphic and detailed game? Pokemon are now more menacing and the moves are more impactful. I’d buy that for a dollar lol.



comment: Hyrule warriors and stardew valley



comment: League and VRChat... Oh god.



comment: league of legends and deep rock galactic



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and Vermintide 2



comment: Titan fall and gtav



comment: Lol and apex legends



comment: Dragon quest and call of duty. So basically drakengaurd with a gun mod lol



comment: Rocket league and Overwatch



comment: Mortal combat and titanfall hmm



comment: The post above is essentially Century: Age of Ashes.



comment: The walking dead and the messenger…. Hmmm



comment: Elden Ring and Ghost Recon Wildlands



comment: Final fantasy 14, Minecraft. Eh might be interesting



comment: Chivalry 2 and Warzone, hmm…



comment: Prison Architect and Empires of the Undergrowth... I'm really not seeing how those could combine to create a cohesive game.



comment: Metal gear rising and Star Wars battlefront 2



comment: Warzone and fallout 4



comment: Halo / no mans sky. Ill take it.



comment: Battlefront II and Minecraft?



comment: KCD WZ



comment: CSGO and who’s your daddy



comment: Gmod and sao hollow realization



comment: Skyrim and 7 days to die



comment: Doom eternal and Dust



comment: Destiny 2 and Elden Ring. Im ready to fight dark fantasy sci-fi gods like in Returnal.



comment: Elden ring and cities skylines city building in elden ring would be interesting



comment: Gta san andreas and destroy all humans



comment: Legends Arceus and Guilty Gear



comment: Minecraft and spirit tracks?



comment: Red dead redemption and overwatch



comment: Roblox and War thunder?



comment: Skyrim and Japanese Schoolgirl ass blasters ||V. 😫😫😈😈



comment: Red dead Redemption 2 and world of war ships... I dont know what to make of that. Good luck Arthur Lol



comment: Forza Horizon and Diablo



comment: Subnautica... and counter strike....



comment: Shadow of the tomb runner + horizon zero dawn



comment: Garrys mod and War Thunder



comment: Dead space and destiny, im good



comment: Elden ring and battlefront



comment: Stellaris and Slay the Spire. So- Card based RTS in space?



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and arma…. Fuck yes



comment: Stardew valley and fallout new Vegas, farming big horners and deathclaws



comment: Far cry 6/ last of us 2



comment: Destiny 2. Ark.



comment: Destiny 2 and siege. That could actually be fun af.



comment: Golf with friends and sniper elite 5… interesting



comment: Forza horizon 5/modern warfare 19



comment: Space engineers and mw3



comment: Minecraft and cod warzone



comment: Devil may cry and persona 4. Now theres 4 grey haired sword dudes with powers fighting demons



comment: Baldurs gate and WoW. Basically the same thing



comment: War thunder and rocket league



comment: Farming simulator and MX vs ATV



comment: Little hope and wolfenstein



comment: The quarry and elden ring



comment: Warzone and God of War



comment: Didn't they actually make a movie about this?



comment: Elden ring meets dead by daylight



comment: Rimworld and Kenshi. I am in hell



comment: That’s literally Century: Age Of Ashes. It’s a dragon air combat game



comment: Bloodborne and dead by daylight very interesting indeed



comment: Valorant and apex. Idk



comment: Hoi4 and mordhau that's gonna be a confusing game



comment: Minecraft and Elden ring



comment: Last of us 2 and watch dogs



comment: Smash bros and Rain World, things are getting interesting



comment: Minecraft and Viva Pinata: TIP, interesting combo



comment: Skyrim and Cyberpunk, it. Just. Works.



comment: Terraria and Planetside 2, oh boy are we going to have some fun



comment: NBA 2k and warzone. That’s gonna be a lil hard. Getting shot at while tryna break someone’s ankles



comment: Elden Ring and Destiny 2



comment: Reminds me of that movie reign of fire with christian bale and woody harrelson. I loved that movie as a kid



comment: Dead by daylight and Minecraft 🙄



comment: Rocket league and arma 3



comment: 7 days to die and hell taker... idk what this will make



comment: War thunder & Squad..... Idk what that makes.... Real life?



comment: Original MW2 and Borderlands 👀



comment: Tony hawks underground 2 and tony hawks underground american wasteland wow this is perfect



comment: Halo 3 and Battlefield 1



comment: Dmc3 and Warthunder? Interesting combination.



comment: Total War Warhammer 3 and Beasts of Bermuda. Looks like the lizardmen are gettin a couple new Dino units



comment: Destiny 2 and rocket league



comment: Grand Theft Minecart



comment: Mario kart/ horizon zero dawn



comment: Elden ring and dl2



comment: Digimon masters online and Minecraft



comment: Gta 5 online and war thunder... honestly sounds fun as hell.



comment: Cold War and Friday the 13th. Why tf jason using a tec-9



comment: Basket battle and kunoichi trainer?



comment: Sniper elite apex legends



comment: Elden Ring and Stellaris



comment: Swtor and World of Tanks. I have the force and a tiger tank



comment: Saints row 2 and uncharted



comment: Rising Storm 2 Vietnam & GTFO



comment: Entry Point on Roblox and Ark: Survival Evolved. So……I’m robbing banks while also surviving in the wilderness?



comment: Darks souls and fallout 4



comment: Halo infinity and Hell let loose.



comment: Ff7 remake and destiny 2



comment: Fallout and elden ring



comment: Omori and undertale



comment: Divison and titanfall? I'm...very intrigued now.



comment: WWE 2K 22 and Dead By Daylight



comment: God of War x GTA V



comment: GTA online and Fallout 3



comment: Fallout 4 and Space Hulk:DeathWing



comment: Dungeon Defenders Awakened and Resident Evil Five... Oo



comment: Halo 3 and Fallout New Vegas



comment: Sea of thieves and subnautica… my pirate life gonna be turned a lot more exciting now



comment: EU4 and Satisfactory, not even sure how that would work



comment: World of Tanks/Rule the Waves. In other words, I’m just playing the TOG II



comment: Elden Ring and MTG Arena......



comment: For Honor and BF1. So basically Shugoki running around with a Maxim MG



comment: Pubg/7 days to die hmm could be cool



comment: VRChat and Onward VR... So anime girls, traps, and eboys with guns?



comment: Destiny 2 and No Mans Sky.



comment: The Uvalde situation is entirely on you people. You backed the fucking blue blindly for years and this is the end result of no police accountability or transparency, like you all wanted for years. So fuck you if you ever unironically said blue lives matter, because they don't.



comment: Rocket league and beat saber i cant even begin to think as to what that would look like



comment: Minecraft + Farcry 5 = Minecraft with guns, liquor and drugs so just my average Minecraft server I make



comment: KSP and Deep Rock Galactic. Shit’s about to get real



comment: Payday 2 and stardew valley, am i robbing farms, or farming while fighting off swarms of cops?



comment: Digimon and Spiderman



comment: Skyrim and Diablo III



comment: Star wars battlefront 2 and Gta5



comment: Starship troopers and fallout....



comment: Apex Legends and Witcher 3? Hmm...Dunno how I feel about this



comment: Chivalry 2 and M&B bannerlord so the game ive always wanted



comment: New world and runescape..



comment: Elden ring and outer worlds 🤌🏼



comment: Fallout 4 and Devil May Cry..... Uh oh.



comment: Gears of war and darksouls



comment: Elden Ring and Pokemon Go.



comment: Tom Clancy's Breakpoint and Skyrim. Take down a dragon with my TAC-50



comment: Elden ring and the sinking city, so basically bloodborne?



comment: Risk of rain 2, and dark souls. Pretty sure that mix is elden ring



comment: rust and war thunder?



comment: Starship troopers and stardew valley...



comment: Call of duty clash of clans



comment: Ark and daggerfall. So ark but with magic



comment: Destiny 2 and Ark



comment: Telling lies and Dying light



comment: Halo: Reach and BotW, not bad.



comment: For honor and Xenoverse 2. I would play the shit out of that.



comment: Warthunder and insurgency sandstorm ooooo nice 👍



comment: Skyrim and Deep Rock Galactic



comment: Dayz and Insurgency Sandstorm



comment: Fallout and elden ring



comment: Yakuza 6 and mf for boner



comment: Gta 5 & Borderlands 2



comment: Blade and sorcery and onward



comment: Pokemon and Doom Eternal. Gotta Rip and Tear them all!



comment: Total war Napoleon and Minecraft



comment: Modern warfare and overwatch



comment: The very first sonic and assassin's creed origins.. they already made that game though



comment: Apex and dark souls



comment: Rainbow six and fallout 4, that would kinda be fun



comment: What game is that on the top left picture? Looks familiar



comment: Halo infinite and Crysis 2



comment: Destiny 2 and farming simulator



comment: Saints creed? Assassins row?



comment: These always suck for me because it's usually Dead by Daylight + other game so I'm automatically toast lol



comment: Cyperpunk 2077 and Ace Combat 7



comment: Star Wars battlefront (2004) and Nier Automata. Neat



comment: Fallout new Vegas and Minecraft



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and rimworld. nothings really changed



comment: Titanfall 2 and GtaV



comment: Vermintide 2 and Animal Crossing. This is gonna be interesting...



comment: Hellblade:Senua's sacrifice/southpark: fractured but whole. Bruh what the fuck?



comment: Evil dead and dark souls remaster... please no.



comment: Bloodstained ritual of the night, dragon marked for death… this could go really well, but with my luck… I’ll see you guys in hell…



comment: Warframe and Jedi Fallen Order would be a great combo



comment: Jedi fallen order and beat saber… looks like I’m going for the child slicing highscore tonight



comment: Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator 2 and The Binding of Issac: Rebirth. That would horrible and awesome to watch



comment: Elden Ring and Stellaris. Idk what that would look like. Just invading planets and taking them over with a sword?



comment: Omori and undertale



comment: God of war and ffx



comment: Apex and DAO



comment: Jedi fallen order and Destiny 2? The star wars game we've all been waiting for



comment: Ark and conan exiles.



comment: Elden Ring and Dragon's Dogma. Sounds fucking Lit



comment: Mad Max and The Quarry



comment: Dead space 1 and COD: world at war.....what the fuck?



comment: Elden ring and dark souls 3. My elden ring character in dark souls 3 would be fun, got used to the fancy L1/LB



comment: Apex and warzone, so just double the sweats



comment: Elden Ring and Bloodborne, well at least I have a gun and can jump



comment: Tropico 6 and elden ring. Pretty much elden ring but you make the map



comment: monster hunter and GTFO (or terraria cant remember)



comment: Skyrim and Planetside 2. That actually sounds awesome. Imagine fighting skyrim’s civil war but it’s all players.



comment: Minecraft zelda



comment: Doom and fortnite



comment: Call of duty mobile and GTA 5 Damn that would be fuckin awesome



comment: Dude really added a vertical ellipsis to the meme 💀



comment: Sea of Thieves and minecraft



comment: Phasmophobia and war thunder



comment: Valorant and genshin impact. Yeah ill play that. Anime girl tac fps. Sign me up



comment: Horizon/Ghost of Tsushima. That would be a dope world or full blown game concept.



comment: Destiny 2 and war Thunder. Savathuwun boutta catch this 183mm BESH



comment: 20 Minutes To Dawn and fuckin... FF14



comment: Call of duty and horizon forbidden west.... holy shit i might be onto something



comment: chivalry 2 and no mans sky



comment: Hitman and world of warships... not exactly sure how it would work



comment: For honor and meteal gear rising revengance... Fuck



comment: Kingdom hearts and smash ultimate.



comment: Binding of isaac and phasmaphobia. Ruh roh



comment: The cycle and due process. Idfk



comment: Skyrim and minecraft



comment: Red Dead 2/Fortnite



comment: Minecraft and Destiny 2. Either minecraft style but basically hella modded, or Destiny 2 but during like the dark age or something before the last city where you are a warlord or somethin. Could be dope



comment: Titan fall 2 and human fall flat what fucking game is this



comment: Subnautica and cyberpunk. Not that far off honestly.



comment: Yakuza and mount and blade



comment: Borderlands 3 and FTL... ngl I'd play that shit



comment: Demons souls / Elden ring



comment: Holdfast and for honor



comment: Inscryption and Halo? What?



comment: Squad and Elden Ring lets go



comment: Space Engineers/Enlisted...WW2 weapons in...space?!



comment: Valorant and Phasmophobia



comment: Dead Island and Man Eater, very interesting combo



comment: Rust and dying light 2



comment: Borderlands 3 plus Skyrim



comment: subnautica + walking dead, oh my



comment: DmC: Devil may cry and Devil may cry 5. El donte meets dante



comment: War thunder and Star Wars battlefront



comment: RuneScape and KOTOR 2



comment: I gotta say, if a dude with a bow can down a dragon, a B-25 ought to have little trouble.



comment: Warframe and sims4?



comment: Civ 6/league of legends... how the fuck is that going to work?



comment: Hoi4 and VR chat



comment: Space Engineers and Ark



comment: Silent Hill 2 and elden ring



comment: Modern Warfare and Red Dead



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and elder scrolls online.



comment: Battlefield 1 and Vintage Story…



comment: Rdr2 an days gone



comment: Digimon World: Next Order and Minecraft



comment: I have a similar story. Warzone and Ark



comment: Gta v and stalker



comment: Cold war/MW19. It's just Warzone before vanguard was released



comment: Vermintide and fortnite



comment: Enlisted/Tarkov…. So Tarkov in world war 2 setting, I’m fucked



comment: Days gone+farcry primal



comment: Gta-5 and COD modern warfare remastered



comment: Fable and bf 2042



comment: Rocket league and warzone. A bunch of soldiers playing soccer with a bunch of sweaty jumping and sliding, or a bunch of cars fighting to the death.



comment: Spelunky 2 and Quake



comment: Minecraft and Hollow Knight.



comment: War hammer and horizon zero dawn



comment: Apex and cube field



comment: Skyrim and Blade and Sorcery. Looks like I’m going to be sent to the moon.



comment: Destiny 2 and overwatch.



comment: Spyro reignited and world of guns



comment: DB legends and dokkan battle



comment: Resident evil 4 VR and Deep rock galactic



comment: sea of thieves and skyrim. i’m down.



comment: no mans sky skyrim



comment: No Man's Sky & Rust



comment: 7 days to die and Squad. You know... that... might honestly be a interesting game



comment: Vigor and Golf+



comment: Skyrim + southpark and the stick of truth



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Borderlands 3



comment: Ark and Warframe



comment: Oblivion and Forza Horizon 5...



comment: Tarkov and calamity mod terraria



comment: Cyberpunk 2077 and Mordhau



comment: minecraft and cave story... so just fps cave story?



comment: Rocket league and Hell Let Loose



comment: Pokemon and monster hunter...so monster hunter stories



comment: Fucking halo minecraft



comment: Ark and Fallout 4, sounds kinda neat



comment: Destiny / Slime Rancher, wonder how that would turn out



comment: Elden ring and dead by daylight.. well



comment: Mass Effect and Halo Infinity. Actually, might have potential



comment: Ark survival and ghost of Tsushima



comment: Borderlands 3 and Elden Ring



comment: Skyrim/ walking dead , seems kind of cool actually



comment: Resident evil 4 and god of war.



comment: Battlefield 4 and spore



comment: Warthunder and watchdogs 2



comment: Destiny 2 and Borderlands 2



comment: "Piano tiles 2" and "sniper 3D"... WHAT THE FUCK KINDA GAME WOULD THAT BE?!



comment: halo infinite/sea of thieves, bout to have a spaceship battle 😎



comment: returnal and insurgency sandstorm



comment: Gta 5 ac Valhalla... Be afraid, be very afraid



comment: Elden ring ff7 remake



comment: FFXIV/Destiny would be fantastic if it had destinies setting/lore & the systems/aesthetic of FFXIV, powerful abilities with big animations that perfectly portray the sheer power of guardians. Thanks to Bungie nerfing everything for whiney PvPers everything falls short of portraying a guardians power



comment: Skyrim & Deep Rock Galactic.. just fighting off hordes of Draugr in tombs looking for pieces of Wuthrad



comment: Arma 3 and warthunder



comment: Dark souls and minecraft hmmmm



comment: Deus Ex and Payday 2. Limb clinic heist when



comment: Riders Republic and BF2042



comment: Tarkov and phasmo. Oh god oh fuck



comment: Destiny and Dark Souls. Raid bosses about to be as hard as they should be.



comment: Assassin’s Creed Odyssey and Madden 22



comment: League of legends (I know I'm a virgin) and town of Salem. Sounds horrible honestly



comment: For Honor and PUBG



comment: Devil may cry and drakengarud



comment: Elden ring and minecraft. So when that guy made elden ring show up on his gameboy?



comment: Hollow knight and Wizard of Legend



comment: Assassin's Creed Rogue and Resident evil 8



comment: Dbd and overwatch



comment: Sea of Thieves and Rocket League.



comment: Escape from tarkov and assetto corsa competitzione



comment: Smite and sniper elite 5.. looks like the gods have had enough



comment: Ark and battlefield 1, so WW1 against dinosaurs



comment: Destiny 2 and Halo, so the same game



comment: War thunder, car mechanic simulator. Tank mechanic simulator!



comment: Pavlov and beatsaber, I’m not even sure how that would turn out



comment: Idk how yall are gonna combine dead space and grid legends



comment: Hmmm Hell Let Loose and Titanfall2



comment: Elden Ring and skullgirls bruh



comment: RDR2 and Skyrim 😃



comment: Bioshock Collection and Destiny 2.. huh.



comment: Suckerpunch?



comment: Virtually unchanged...i played horizon forbidden west and ghost of tsushima.



comment: FNV and Skyrim so they just cancel out



comment: Synthetik and Post Void. Terrifying.



comment: Team fortress 2 and project zomboid



comment: GTA v and the crew



comment: Spider man and red dead 2. Not sure how thats going to go but im in.



comment: Arma and Gmod?



comment: modded one block skyblock with drugs + Pokemon Pearl (grinding for Bfs shiny Garitina)



comment: Battlefield 1 x For Honor



comment: AC Valhalla and Horizon Forbidden West. So pretty much Horizon but with eagle vision



comment: for honor and Friday the 13th



comment: Resident Evil 4 and Disco Elysium, no clue how the fuck that'd work out.



comment: Chivalry 2 and phasmophobia



comment: Arthur Morgan learns the Rasengan



comment: Borderlands 3 and minecraft



comment: Rdr2 and dying light.



comment: Modern warfar 3 and skyrim



comment: baby in yellow and turbo dismount BABY BOUTA BE YEETED



comment: Rocket League and Vanguard



comment: Valorant and Tetris wait wtf



comment: Tarkov and rocket league



comment: Destiny 2 and rocket league lol



comment: Tiny Tina’s wonderlands are red dead 2



comment: Valorant and STALKER



comment: Skyrim and apex legends



comment: Elden ring and H3vr. Elden ring with guns. Sweet.



comment: Aragami/Sifu ...... Oh no



comment: Dying light 2 cod zombies



comment: War thunder and stardew valley



comment: Risk of Rain 2 and Elden Ring, should I be scared?



comment: Dead by daylight and elden ring



comment: Why isnt there a game about a world where you have to dogfight with dragons?



comment: My last 2 exes form to make one mega bitch



comment: DayZ and Hellblade :(



comment: Rock Band and Castlevania: Curse of Darkness both on PlayStation 2



comment: Elden Ring and Returnal



comment: Skyrim and huniepop



comment: Jedi fallen order and mass effect



comment: For Honor and 7 Days to Die. Now that would be a game worth playing



comment: Sekiro and visage



comment: Evil dead and Friday the 13th



comment: Star Citizen/War thunder... okayy I can work with this



comment: Bloodborne and cyberpunk id be down for a gothic cybercity



comment: Well time to go genocide some random planet and then farm on it. Stellaris and ruin factory 4



comment: Diablo and warturtle



comment: Mass effect and state of decay 2?



comment: Sims and risk of rain, what would that even be



comment: Destiny and For Honor.



comment: Bruh forza horizon 5 and car mechanic simulator 2020 I'm living the dream lmao



comment: Residents evil 8 and residents evil 0. It will not be good



comment: DMC 5 and farcry 5



comment: Final Fantasy X and Overwatch



comment: Roblox and Rocket League 💀



comment: ooo mine craft and call of duty so I just made… bed wars… fuck



comment: GTAV and Beat Saber. So… thug life but with lightsabers and EDM constantly playing?



comment: Mass Effect and Insurgency… this will be horrifying.



comment: "Century: Age of Ashes" its legit a dog fighting game except you fly around on dragons.



comment: Trek to Yomi and Elden Ring? Woah a cool soulslike game that take place in imperial Japan, nice 😎



comment: Resident evil and Spyro



comment: Civ 6 and fallout nv



comment: Minecraft and fh5. Low ress forza with Minecraft mechanics or Minecraft with car physics



comment: Sekiro and Dying Light 2… how.



comment: Ark and V rising…..vampire dinosaur survival



comment: Hoi4 and sea of thieves



comment: Doom eternal/ Borderlands 3... HOLY FUCK!



comment: The long dark and chivalry 2



comment: Skyrim and battlefront 2



comment: Sea of Thieves and Warhammer: Vermintide II



comment: Assassin creed origins and infamous first light.



comment: Rocketcraft



comment: Bloodborne and Halo…not bad



comment: Assassin's creed 2 and team fortress 2, spy gaming 😎



comment: Planet crafter. Blade and sorcery



comment: Borderlands 2 and Hell Let Loose



comment: Dead by daylight and Power rangers battle for the grid. Weird



comment: Sooo Jurassic park?



comment: Maneater and enlisted.



comment: The witcher 3 and Runescape



comment: Minecraft, Assassins Creed Valhalla



comment: Fallout 4 and battlefield 1



comment: Cities Skylines and Dragon Age. That would be fucking dope.



comment: Century: Age of Ashes is basically that. Dragon dogfighting



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and Satisfactory. Im about to cum.



comment: Sea of Thieves and Elden Ring.. this will be an interesting mesh



comment: Frostpunk and New Vegas. Looks like that nuclear winter is finally here



comment: Bf 5 and destiny 2



comment: Star wars fallen order and forza horizon 5



comment: NHL and The Quarry lmfaoooooo



comment: Shin Megami Tensei Nocturne and Persona 1



comment: Warzone and cold war. Eh, not so bad



comment: Contractor$ and Blade and Sorcery



comment: Ace Combat 7/Conan Exiles



comment: Chivalry 2 and Wolfenstein: The New Colossus



comment: Assassin's Creed Valhalla and Fallout 3



comment: V rising and hell let loose. WW2 vampires... Wait ... Is this a jojo reference?



comment: skyrim an destiny 2, gods need to be slayin an alduin wasnt the real world ender



comment: Super Smash Bros Ultimate and Apex Legends



comment: Elden ring+DMC5=coolest game ever



comment: Pokemon and hardspace shipbreaker



comment: Fortnite and UEBS….hmmm



comment: Far cry and assassins creed



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Dead Cells



comment: Minecraft+ Diablo 3. Fun times



comment: Valheim and the new Starship Troopers... Oh god



comment: Okay, but dogfighting dragons in a WW2 plane sounds dope as hell



comment: Apex mobile and slay the spire, hmmmmmm



comment: MMN3 Teter?



comment: Elden ring and fallout 4



comment: Xcom 2 and hunt showdown



comment: Stellaris and its been so long i cant think of a second



comment: Iron order 1919 and fallout 4



comment: Monster hunter rise and the binding of isaac repentance,interesting combo



comment: Minecraft and Space Engineers. Basically the same games anyhow.



comment: Halo infinite and crossout yeah banished car building sim right there



comment: Well it’s chess and Royal Game of Ur for me… basically the same lol



comment: Tekken 7 and the og guilty gear so just another fighting game crossover



comment: Fortnite and team fortress two huh



comment: Escape from tarkov and rocksmith 2014 not sure how that would work but ok



comment: Far: Changing Tides and Totally Accurate Battle Simulator



comment: Uncharted and assassins creed. That'd actually be sick



comment: Hoi4 and insurgency sandstorm, Yes please



comment: batman arkham knight and warframe. how would that work?



comment: Escape from tarkov & the last of us.



comment: My last two games were Elden Ring and Guilty Gear. So... since im just a random dood. I just die i guess.



comment: Assassin's Creed Brotherhood and Diablo 3



comment: Pokemon legends arceus and Apex Legends. A pokemon battle royale Im not sure how that would work out.



comment: Xcom and God of War. Hmm that actually sounds lit



comment: Mario golf and mario kart, i guess theres golf carts now



comment: Vampyr x generation zero



comment: BF1 and BF5 ....i got a history book



comment: Bloodborne and Dark souls 3



comment: Elden Ring and Bloodborne…



comment: State of decay and back 4 blood. I am fucked. Absolutly fucked



comment: The grind on war thunder is a pain



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and battlefront 2



comment: Squad and vrchat, so pavlov or onward?



comment: ARK AND RUST FUUUUUCK



comment: Tarkov and apex.



comment: Borderlands 3 and Hitman. Interesting



comment: Apex and titanfall 2, so...nothing changes



comment: Deep rock galactic, need for speed heat.



comment: Outer worlds and Red dead redemption 2



comment: For honor and war Thunder



comment: Total war wahammer 3 / 7 days to die... that sounds fucking sick



comment: Mkx and siege



comment: Elden ring and blade and sorcery vr. Pretty fire



comment: Tabletop simulator and Metro: Last Light. Sounds like a dope ass board game



comment: Tarkov and fallout 4, which i already have a modlist for lol



comment: Doom eternal and apex legends



comment: Elder scroll online and world of battleships



comment: Fallout 4 and hearts of Iron IV. Gonna annex the commonwealth as the Fasvist Minutemen



comment: GTFO and Beat Saber.... horror hack and slash?



comment: Sonic and halo 3



comment: Tarkov and stardew valley



comment: Warthunder and minecraft



comment: Resident evil 2 and escape from tarkov that shit would slap



comment: Mine already exists, pokemon and league of legends, it’s just pokemon unite



comment: FFVII Remake, and Resident Evil 2 Remake. Make it what you will.



comment: Sims and tf2



comment: Middle Earth: Shadow of War and Skyrim The Elder Scrolls V



comment: League of legends and assassins creed Valhalla!



comment: Pokemon and red dead redemption 2



comment: Gang beats and ark weird



comment: I love how so many people play war thunder



comment: Skyrim and poke man



comment: Evil dead the game and insurgency sandstorm….



comment: Dragon age inquisition and Fortnite



comment: Vrchat and Pavlov. does vrchat even count as a game?



comment: Elden ring and gta



comment: GTA and red dead I don't know if it's Red Dead with cars or GTA with horses but otherwise they're pretty much the same



comment: Wow that would make the game both extrmely buggy and poorly balanced



comment: Space engineers and 20 minutes till dawn. Infinite wave defence base builder?



comment: Borderlands and cod mw3



comment: Rust and dying light



comment: God of war and CoD



comment: Oh god, Daggerfall and 4d miner



comment: Dishonored and ghot recon?



comment: Cities Skylines and KSP



comment: Me and my M1A2 Abrams steamrolling the elves



comment: Skyrim and new vegas



comment: Deep rock galactic and titanfall 2. Bruh does this just turn into pacific rim?



comment: Diablo 3 and Man Eater.....



comment: Oh dear god...deep rock galactic and monster hunter world...cant wait to use the fat man overclock on the rathalos



comment: Mini Golf and halo reach. Do i get to play with noble team?



comment: Farcry 5 and Apex legends



comment: Jurassic world and assassin's cread. Honestly in my head it looks like halo without master chief and startans are replaciled with the assassin's



comment: Midnight club: LA and Elden Ring



comment: Dbd and far cry 5



comment: Phasmophobia+vampire survivor= i really dont know



comment: Kirby and Bioshock 2, interesting combination



comment: Overlord 2 and Ark?



comment: Insurgency: Sandstorm and... Backpack Hero. Huh.



comment: Halo and xenoverse 2 would go hard



comment: I been playing borderlands 2 for a couple weeks now, I don’t even remember any games I played before it rn



comment: Subnautica and sea of thieves, This will be dope



comment: A lego game and skyrim



comment: You know…..i think your on to something



comment: Botw and Neir automata



comment: Skyrim and rainbow six siege



comment: Chivalry 2 and nhl 22. So sword fights on ice while chucking hockey puck at eachother



comment: Minecraft/league of legends.......no btchs.......blocky mobq



comment: Madden Ultimate Team and Fortnite . I guess I’m getting dubs with Matt Ryan and Najee Harris



comment: Stardew valley and borderlands 3, oh boy



comment: Borderlands 2 and Payday 2. I think I've got a winner here



comment: Elden ring and minecraft. Hitting radagon with that fire aspect 2 sword gonna show him a whole new form of dead.



comment: Arkham knight and dual links



comment: Stardew Valley and GTA 4 Ballad of Gay Tony



comment: Mass effect and elden ring



comment: Metro Exodus/Gran Turismo 7. What do i got some death race shit now?



comment: Resident Evil 1 and Tony Hawk Underground 2. Well hopefully the controls are better.



comment: Ace combat and rocket league



comment: GTA v and binding of Isaac



comment: Any war thunder players will know they’ll lose 20k SL each time they get hit



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and Sniper Elite 5.



comment: Elden ring and Dark Souls remastered. It would be pretty badass if they made a Lordran DLC for elden ring



comment: Elden Ring and Forza



comment: DayZ and Cod Ghost on extinction



comment: Risk of Rain 2/From the Depths? Nope, I just can't even picture it.



comment: Skyrim and story of seasons ... Huh



comment: Portal 2 and modern warfare



comment: Fifa 22 and Forza Horizon 5... So basically rocket league



comment: Pubg and outward...



comment: Warframe and dauntless



comment: Warframe and Horizon Forbidden West. Machines fighting machines.



comment: Pokemon and pub g . Might be fun



comment: Honestly, monster hunters world fused with monster hunter stories 2 sounds pretty dope



comment: Gotcha so literally just the same game, Mafia (the original not 2 or 3) and Cyberpunk



comment: Horizon forbidden west and rdr2



comment: Battle brothers and the sims 4



comment: Warthunder and cod BO3 zombies



comment: I love when this resurfaces every few months just to see the different game mixes, like dead by daylight and Tiny Tinas Wonderland this time



comment: Binding of Isaac Repentance and Risk of Rain 2... I am screwed



comment: Warframe and csgo



comment: Pokemon, and rdr2



comment: Ark and gta5



comment: Crew 2 and fallout 4 hmmm probably turns into crossout or wreckfest



comment: The long drive and dying light 2



comment: Alien Isolation and Dragon Quest Builders 2….just sounds like the equivalent of minecraft with dlc



comment: Forza Horizon / Bigfoot?



comment: Vermintide 2 and Chivalry 2, it’s the same exact game as V2 but you can play as the rats and north landers



comment: Dragon ball xeno 2, state of decay 2.



comment: Bioshock 1 and bioshock 2... so basically still just bioshock.



comment: Slime rancher and stardew valley



comment: Dota 2 and Project Zomboid… holy shit that might be an awesome game tbh.. imagine project zomboid but your character has abilities..



comment: Team fortress 2 and shadow of war. Mfin, mercenaries as uruks.



comment: Halo Reach and R6 Extraction



comment: Doom and god of war awesome



comment: Minecraft and VR Chat



comment: Destiny 2 and kakarot



comment: No Man's sky and roblox



comment: Sonic racing and vermintide 2



comment: Mario Kart 64 and Mario Kart Wii. Huh.



comment: Rainbow six and binding of isaac



comment: Dead space and elden ring



comment: Ark survival evolved + Destiny 2



comment: Destiny 2 and stardew



comment: Elden Ring and BTD 6



comment: Dead space 3 & zetsu bo no shima from bo3, would be sick,isaac going through a plant based biome with a plant unfested corpse come out of the mud with swamp suits and shit



comment: Fallout new Vegas and the Witcher 3



comment: Pokemon and fortnite.



comment: Does mobile game count?



comment: Guilty Gear strive and warframe. Wot



comment: Gmod and dragon ball fighterz, how does that work help me out



comment: Generation zero, and gta… ahh..



comment: Crusader Kings 3 and Rome Total War 2.



comment: Stardew valley and Far cry



comment: Metro 2033 and Mario Party. The fuck?



comment: It takes two, and crash bandicoot....sooo....playing crash with a partner? Kewl



comment: Divinity/yakuza. Funny that yakuza really became turn based combat



comment: League of legends and minecraft



comment: Supreme Commander and Jurassic World Evolution...



comment: Minecraft and no man's sky



comment: Elden Ring and Fallout: New Vegas, i feel like you could just swap characters and it would still feel natural



comment: Gears of assassins creed 4



comment: Skyrim amd forza



comment: Destiny 2 and Left 4 Dead 2



comment: Minecraft and deep rock... so basically just deep rock?



comment: Fallout 4 and Skyrim. Magic gun MAGIC GUN.



comment: Pokemon and elden ring. I am so screwed



comment: Division 2 and some shitty zombie game on mobile



comment: Stupid question but is that last image from suckerpunch



comment: Dying light 2 and prototype. Bruh im set as fuck



comment: Minecraft and forhonor well this’ll be interesting



comment: Minecraft and eso



comment: Deep rock galactic and project zomboid, evading space zombies



comment: Elden Ring and Minecraft, either im buldin stuff in order to become Elden Lord or the Ender Dragon is gonna be pain in the ass



comment: MLB the Show 22 and Dragon Age: Origins



comment: World of Warships and Monster Hunter. It’s about to get messy



comment: Terraria and crab game don't know what that would look like



comment: Ro war and Skyrim actually looks good how about thunderrim



comment: Skyrim/Apex



comment: Garrys mod and fallout 4 so nothing really changes for me



comment: Elden ring and rainbow six



comment: Halo Reach and Far Cry 5



comment: Cod WW2 and ready or not that’s kinda interesting I guess



comment: VR ping pong and elden ring



comment: Middle Earth: Shadow of War and KotOR II. That sounds pretty badass, I'd buy that!



comment: Subnautica, horizon zero dawn...



comment: God of War and Modern Warfare....honestly could be an interesting combo



comment: Rocket league and minecraft?



comment: Judgement and red dead 2, I genuinely have no idea how that would work



comment: Pokemon Arceus, left4dead



comment: Farm Simulator 2022 & Pokemon,



comment: Life is strange: True Colors and TitanFall 2



comment: Metro 2033 and Borderlands 2



comment: Dear god... I was playing Fallout 3 and Bugsnax 😂



comment: GTAV and halo odst?



comment: Pokemon legends: Arceus and destroy all humans



comment: Batman and Splinter Cell...it's the same fucking game.



comment: God of war and horizon zero dawn?



comment: Elden ring and Graveyard keeper, checks out in a weird way



comment: War thunder and American truck simulator



comment: Monster hunter and Ark....WOAHHHH YEAH



comment: I want to play that



comment: Destiny 2/Titanfall 2. Fighting Fallen Brigs with materializable Titans. Epic.



comment: There are a lot of people on ifunny that play world of tanks apparently



comment: Rust and league



comment: Dragon ball fighterz and tiny tinas wonderland... what?



comment: Zelda BoTW and Elden ring.



comment: Uno and Russian roulette.



comment: Payday 2 and Battlefield V, that's just Raid WW2



comment: Uncharted 4 and the OG ratchet and clank



comment: Minecraft and Clash Royale. Hmmmmmm



comment: Fallout 4 and chivalry 2



comment: Skyrim and stronghold



comment: Doom and ghost of tsushima



comment: Assassin's Creed Valhalla and Horizon 5 hahaha



comment: Dyling light 2 and God of War



comment: Minecraft and Apex



comment: Dayz and Minecraft that will be fun



comment: Uhhhhh.... The power rangers fighting game and the kamen rider heroes game



comment: Terraria and Space Hulk Deathwing.....fuck



comment: Ninja gaiden 2 sigma / Super dodgeball for the NES



comment: Dark souls remastered and ghost of tsushima... ig I made sekiro



comment: Battlefield 3 and skyrim



comment: Forza Horizon 5 and Dead by Daylight



comment: Ac Valhalla and halo, hmmmmmmm



comment: War thunder + for honor hmmm



comment: Resident evil 2 and siege??



comment: Deathloop and 2k22



comment: 7 days to die and VRchat. A zombie survival social game? Sounds badass



comment: Cod gta



comment: Subnautica subzero and hitman idek



comment: Fucken Blood Will Tell with BOTW Mechanics the 48th Fiend would be my bitch!



comment: Wizard 101 and warthunder.



comment: War thunder and ground branch.



comment: Mario Party 8 and 9.



comment: Dead space 3 and MacWarrior 5



comment: Rocket league, scrap mechanic. Interesting fusion



comment: Fallout 4 and the Witcher 3, sounds interesting



comment: Deep rock and destiny 2... Tbh that doesnt sound bad at all



comment: Warthunder and rising storm vietnam. Nothing has changed



comment: Sea of Thieves and Assassins Creed Valhalla. I think a viking game like sea of thieves would be kinda neat



comment: Minecraft and gta v. .-.



comment: The last of us and subnautica



comment: The long dark and warzone



comment: Destiny 2 and Skyrim. Idek how that would work out



comment: Minecraft and Mortal Kombat X



comment: Dragon age and minecraft....



comment: League and forza



comment: Assassins creed and halo. Now that I think about it, that might be possible.



comment: Dark souls 3 and Subnautica FUCK



comment: Oh Nu hell let loose and ground branch



comment: btd 6 and btd 5. btd 11 let’s gooooo



comment: South Park fractured but whole and GTA



comment: Fallout new vegas, and beat saber. So, vr fallout?



comment: War thunder and halo



comment: Dead by daylight/Forza 5



comment: Gree Hell and Evolve. This is scary



comment: Mechassault 5 and Far Cry 6. Castillo aint so tough with an AC 20 up his ass 😂



comment: Lego star wars the skywalker saga and skyrim



comment: Elden ring and gtav. I guess I’m fucking up every boss with a mk2



comment: Danganronpa and a cowboy bebop inspired story



comment: Gta 5 and sniper elite 5



comment: The Witcher 3 and chivalry 2. Yes please



comment: Bro, Destiny 2 and Minecraft. This shit actually going to be lit.



comment: Halo reach and world of tanks? I would love the tech tree for the covenant



comment: The Stanly Parable and Subnautica



comment: Dying light 2 and elden ring...



comment: Monster Hunter Rise and Minecraft



comment: Mech warriors 5 and chivalry. Finally an actual crusader mech



comment: Battlefield V with telltale walking dead. that’s just cod zombies or an open world zombie game lmao



comment: Satisfactory and mario party, gotta automate those dice rolls keep up the power so the game doesnt end early



comment: Skyrim and Horus Heresy Legions



comment: Hah deep rock galactic and minecraft. Their already similar.



comment: Fire emblem and Persona. Guess I ain't speakin



comment: Elden and fallout 4.



comment: CoD cold war and Fallout 4



comment: Pokemon sword and Pokemon Unite… god my friends have no life



comment: Fallout new Vegas/ COD WW2



comment: Starmancer and Rimworld. Pretty much nothing changed



comment: diablo 3 and diablo immortal



comment: Dead by daylight and elden ring



comment: Fuckin btd6 and geometry dash



comment: Everspace / syphon filter. Wtf am i gonna do



comment: MGRR and RDR2, what the shit.



comment: Warframe and dead by daylight



comment: Hmm.....cyberpunk 2077 mixed with world of warships......interesting



comment: Blood Bowl and Pokemon. Shit, I'm down for that



comment: Mario 3D world and CoD



comment: Minecraft and Battlefront 2... Sweeet



comment: Mairo galaxy and ark oh fuck



comment: Resident evil 7 and terraria



comment: Jetpack Joyride and Splatoon 2. Let me tell you. I'd LOVE to see an inkling on a machine gun jetpack.



comment: Destiny 2 + Warhammer Vermintide 2



comment: Halo and Minecraft?



comment: Farcry 6 and borderlands 2



comment: Dynasty Warriors and Fallout 4



comment: Osu and Company of heros



comment: Smite and Rocket League.... im not sure how thats gonna work



comment: Huniepop 2 and Minecraft, looks like I get a taste of that creepussy after all 🤤



comment: Roblox and Arma 3... hm



comment: Modded Minecraft and Tarkov



comment: Persona 5 Strikers and Super Mario Maker 2



comment: Minecraft and Need for Speed Carbon... What the hell? Is it just the areas are city worlds in minecraft but the cars are the same? Or is everything like minecraft?



comment: Jedi last order and for honor. That actually sounds dope as fuck. Now only if it were real...



comment: Fallout 76/halo wars 2



comment: Ark and V Rising? Vampire dinos?



comment: Pokemon Karting 8 lets fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!



comment: RDR2 and Dying Light 2.... Fuck I was hoping they wouldn't do another Undead Nightmare



comment: Lego star wars and planetside 2, lego mmofps?



comment: Fallout 4 and cod MW



comment: Pavlov and og battlefront 2. God please let it be real.



comment: Minecraft and 7 Days to Die... Eh. Not much change, just new zombie varients, and magic is now added, lol



comment: Fallout 3 and BTD6 on my phone... Popping bloons with Hi-Tech futuristic post apocalyptic weapons. Sounds fun actually.



comment: Minecraft and fallout 3



comment: Stardew and minecraft…… wait thats just the same game



comment: Rust and Skyrim????



comment: Doom and stardew valley



comment: Dead by daylight/overwatch



comment: Life is strange: before the storm and telltale’s the walking dead



comment: Danganronpa 2: goodbye despair and dishonored I wonder if Corvo is any good at class trials.



comment: Fallout 4 and metro 2033



comment: Factorio and Dawn of War: Dark Crusade. 40k themed competative factorio. Fuck yeah



comment: Division 2 and Elden Ring.



comment: Warthunder and farm sim... huh



comment: Extreme anime girlfriend simulator stepsisters revenge part two, and toilet pooping simulator



comment: Stardew Valley and Elden Ring.. idk abt this one



comment: Battlefield and elden ring



comment: Alien isolation and huniepop, God help me



comment: Metal gear and deep rock?



comment: Borderlands 3 / cyberpunk



comment: Forza horizon 4 and forza horizon 5



comment: Minecraft and terraria...it's just modded minecraft with a better enchanting system and cooler bosses



comment: Okay but in all seriousness this would be a badass movie



comment: Dogfight with a dragon sounds dope. Or dogfightung with dragons. Shame that ps3 title didn't do well.



comment: Crash of the Titans & Small Arms



comment: War thunder and elite dangerous



comment: Shit my buttons



comment: Dark souls 1 and monster hunter world



comment: Resident evil 8 and Destiny 2



comment: Borderlands 2 and Minecraft



comment: Jack and Daxter and RDR2. Gonna be lit 🔥



comment: The Outer Worlds and Ark



comment: Breath of smash bros



comment: Resident Evil and Syphon Filter



comment: Spider-Man and God of War 4



comment: Chivalry II and Overwatch, medieval hero arena game



comment: The forest and uh, shelter 69…



comment: Xcom: enemy unknown and tf2



comment: Borderlands 2 and 7 days to die



comment: Monster hunter and warframe wouldnt be a bad combo i dont think



comment: The witcher and rocket league. I have no idea how thay would even look



comment: Evil Dead/Warhammer 40k: Mechanica



comment: Yugi-oh and resident evil 4



comment: Same actually



comment: Rust and siege



comment: Fallout 4 and Elden ring. Hmmm so souls like with guns



comment: It Takes Two and Worms WMD



comment: Skyrim and fallout new Vegas, lame



comment: League and ready or not. So, what, like wasteland and xcom?



comment: Apex/duel masters



comment: Csgo and Only cans



comment: Subnatica and outlast



comment: League and Master Duel. Sounds like actual cancer.



comment: Battlefield and elden ring. LETS GOOOO



comment: Need for speed payback and the crew 2



comment: Days gone and fallout shelter



comment: Stardew valley and elden ring



comment: Gmod and among us



comment: Elden ring and doom eternal



comment: Ace combat and monster hunter holy shit what a combo



comment: HOI4 and GTFO. Idk how that’d turn out



comment: Persona 5 and Fifa



comment: Gears of war 5 and assassins creed origins. Now I’m imagining a scion doing a leap of faith and either breaking their neck or landing straight into a chainsaw



comment: Core keeper and elden ring.



comment: Escape from tarkov and elden ring



comment: Is that bottom picture from anything?



comment: Legend of Zelda Spirit Tracks and Stardew Valley



comment: Fortnite and Fallout NV



comment: Star trek online and Green Hell



comment: Carrier deck and fallout 4



comment: Age of empire & minecraft. So i get an RTS of minecraft. Not bad.



comment: DRG and GHPC... So like dwarves in tanks? Sounds cool



comment: Lego Harry Potter and Lego Lord of The Rings.



comment: Halo Reach and Apex. Dude are these legends about to get FUCKKKKED



comment: Minecraft and dead by daylight



comment: btd6 and... doom eternal...?



comment: Ff online and monster hunter



comment: Skyrim and terraria



comment: Rocket league and chivalry 2, so basically chivalry 2 after the horses update



comment: Forza and custom zombies lmao



comment: Destiny 2 and skyrim



comment: Shadow of war and The lego movie videogame



comment: Subnautica below zero and Forza horizon 5 🤔



comment: Elden ring and diablo III oh fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck



comment: Literally FO4 modded to point its a realistic zombie survival game mixed with contractors VR. Basically just modded FO4 zombie survival lol



comment: Well RDR2 and GOT are basically the same game already just different genres lol. Samurai and cowboys



comment: What do i get with a mix of assassins creed unity and fallout new vegas?



comment: Warframe and Hades



comment: Dragon's Dogma and The Evil Within



comment: Fallout 76 and Fortnite



comment: Terraria and Warframe. Thatd be a really fun mashup i would think. Im just imagining one of the warframes, very pixelated, fighting off the Eye of Cthulu



comment: Yakuza like a dragon and Morrowind



comment: Ac unity and ark survival evolved…..T-Rex’s with hidden blades



comment: Elden Ring + GTAV. Intresting combo



comment: Csgo and DMC



comment: Mine is battlefield 1 and dead by daylight lol, im very curious as to how that would play out



comment: Death road to Canada and fallout



comment: Outer Worlds and Horizon Forbidden West. Don't know how that would interact



comment: Halo and stellaris. So stellaris.



comment: Minecraft Legends



comment: Monster hunter & blade and sorcery. Vr monster hunter sounds cool



comment: Dying light 2 and gran turismo 7



comment: After the fall, rainbow six



comment: Minecraft and roblox



comment: Super auto pets and phasmophobia, I’m about to be hunted by ghost animals



comment: Chiv 2 and Dragon’s dogma



comment: Apex legends and Grand Theft Auto Online, seems legit.



comment: Skyrim and BF1



comment: V Rising and Dragon Ball FighterZ....how



comment: Fortnite and overwatch



comment: Maneater and minecraft



comment: destiny 2 and minecraft



comment: Assassins creed and Hitman



comment: Titanfall 2 and Warframe. I choose to interpret this as Titanfall 3 with massive and active dev support



comment: Metal Gear Rising and War Thunder



comment: Stellaris and Weed Shop 3.



comment: Destiny 2 and battlefield 1. This will be fun



comment: Destiny and Skyrim



comment: Assassin's Creed Odyssey/Sniper Elite 5



comment: Gta 5 and modern warfare



comment: Squad and WoW. So uhh, The Division I guess?



comment: "Fortnite" and "Getsu Fuma Den: Undying Moon"



comment: Skyrim and NBA 2K



comment: Ghost of tsushima and rocket league



comment: Terraria and South Park TFBW… what



comment: Apex and rdr2



comment: Metal gear rising and war thunder, so basically the mecha april fools mode war thunder did years ago



comment: Anyone else’s posts start scrolled all the way to the bottom? I tried making “will fuse into one game” make sense for a minute before I realized I had to scroll up.



comment: ARK and League of Legends. You choose a champ and then get launched into a pvp/pve dino world where you have to survive and hunt the other champions.



comment: Vrchat, ark



comment: "Target Undamaged" 😶



comment: Read dead 2 and dying light 2



comment: The drowning city and Skyrim..



comment: CSGO and Rust, the ultimate sweaty painful grind game



comment: Jedi Fallen Order and NBA 2K. So idk how that works? Space basketball? With powerups? Like rocket league ig?



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and Barotrauma. Not sure how to feel about that



comment: Fallout 4 and apex ?



comment: Its called Lair. Its a early PS3 game and the last thing Factor 5 did.



comment: Left4Dead2 and One Piece Pirate Warriors 4, that’s just Thriller Bark as an FPS



comment: Rimworld+China Town detective. Can't imagine it but seems like it could be awesome



comment: Brawlhala and csgo



comment: Warthunder and Fallout NV... Hm.



comment: Warframe and Minecraft



comment: Enlisted and dead by daylight



comment: Guitar hero/monsterhunter



comment: Payday 2 and Elden Ring



comment: Elden Ring and Knights Of The Old Republic 1



comment: Darkest dungeon and cyberpunk



comment: Payday 2/ Destiny 2. Sounds interesting



comment: Pavlov and VtolVR



comment: Pou/Pokemon SWSH, how the hell would that work



comment: Battlefront and clash of clans 😎



comment: Monster Hunter world and Battlefield 2042. So basically the Monster Hunter movie minus the dumb plot.



comment: Tf2 and btd6 ?



comment: Guys help, pokemon and Elden Ring... HELP



comment: Hmm mine would be Doom and Assassins creed rouge… interesting



comment: Space Warlord Organ Trading Simulator/ Hunt Showdown



comment: Mass effect and stellaris... theres a mod for this ._.



comment: Centruy: Age of Ashes. Its a dogfighting game, but dragons instead of planes



comment: The cycle and rust. Wouldnt that just be ark?



comment: Cyberpunk and Mario Party sounds pretty clean



comment: Skyrim/Halo 4



comment: Pokemon and minecraft...that already exists



comment: I i dont know what to say. Elden ring and sims four



comment: Minecraft and jedi fallen order. . . Horrible. Minecraft already has a star wars skin pack and it looks stupid.



comment: Yakuza 5 and Doom



comment: Overwatch and Hollow Knight



comment: World of warcraft and diablo 2



comment: Smite/Uncharted4



comment: Destiny and No Build Fortnite. Already both games are fucked so this’ll be a blast



comment: Animal Crossing and Stardew Valley



comment: Shin Megami Tensei V and BF2042. The US and Russia have recruited demons and now wage war with them.



comment: Have fun with those repairs costs



comment: Starcraft 2 amd league of legends



comment: Dead by daylight and fallen order



comment: Oblivion and NASCAR.



comment: Battlefield and elden ring



comment: I must now deliver packages across American whilst fighting off the demons of hell (death stranding and doom)



comment: Jurassic Park (Sega) and Farcry 6.



comment: Elden ring and Forza horizon 4, what the fuck



comment: Evolve and skyrim



comment: Ffxiv and apex. No idea how that would turn out



comment: God of war 2018 and metro 2033



comment: Hunt showdown and warhammer 40k



comment: Ace combat and Apex Legends…soooo titanfall



comment: Dark souls and Devil may cry 3 As long as I don’t go hollow and have the DarksignI I should be good



comment: Bf1 and minecraft



comment: Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 and Kirby the Forgotten Land. Either way, this got a lot easier.



comment: Elden Ring and Audio Trip 🤣



comment: mgr and rust, i guess nakeds are about to grub me with a fucking lightning sword



comment: now every1s gonna try to come up with the "funniest" combos



comment: Shit im game for i got minecraft and pokemon i already love pixelmon so this shit is fire



comment: Mario Kart and Bioshock



comment: Deep Rock and doom eternal....lets go



comment: Destiny 2 and Metal Gear Rising



comment: Halo/Deep Rock Galactic



comment: Elden ring and Skyrim… so a cool ass DLC



comment: Elden ring and knights of the old republic 2



comment: The Forest and Diablo 3



comment: osrs and league im not fat btw



comment: Tarkov and for honor



comment: Minecraft and forza horizon 5… hmmm sounds cool actually



comment: Apex and Fifa 😂



comment: Gears of war and gears of war 4!



comment: Halo and destiny 2



comment: Pub g/ ufc 4



comment: metal gear rising and destiny 2



comment: Minecraft and fallout 4.... So Minecraft with guns??



comment: My god....ARK and God Eater 3



comment: Elden ring and civilization



comment: War Thunder and Dead by Daylight



comment: Star wars battlefront and just cause 4



comment: No man sky and Elden ring



comment: STO and ARK



comment: World of tanks and elden ring



comment: Elden ring and pray… it might be good



comment: Red Dead x No Man's Sky



comment: Rlcraft and gta v fuuuuuuck



comment: GTA 5 and Jedi Fallen Order.



comment: Happy wheels and flying gorilla



comment: Overwatch and elden ring. Im not sure how that would work lol



comment: Warframe and Destiny2. The most god awful grind marathon to ever exist.



comment: Rainbow six siege and far cry new dawn



comment: Gta and undertale



comment: Sekiro and ghost recon, it’s an interesting mix



comment: Ark and Phasmophobia. Dinosaur ghosts!



comment: Destiny 2 and no man’s sky, you mean there’d be an actual reason for the ships to exist???



comment: Minecraft and nba 2k??



comment: Nioh and DS3



comment: Sniper Elite and Mass Effect



comment: Apex and clash royale



comment: Fallout: New Vegas + Visage.



comment: Blops Cold War and Dragons Dogma



comment: Breath of the wild and RDR2



comment: Rimworld and SSBU. How



comment: R6 and for honor



comment: Planetside 2 and dishonored 2



comment: Warthunder and Wolfenstein: New Order



comment: Chilvary II and tarkov



comment: Elden ring and destiny 2?!



comment: Modern Warfare/GtaV



comment: Skyrim and rdr2



comment: Eve online and insurgency sandstorm. Huh I guess a space type MMORPG military simulation. Kinda interesting.



comment: 2k22 and ufc 4. I know theres rugball but i wanna see actual 5 v 5 brawls while trying to score. game ends at set score or when only one team is left standing



comment: GTA V and Terraria



comment: Rising storm and sea of thieves



comment: Elden ring and fortnite. (I’m an adult it’s just fun to do something online with long distance friends)



comment: Ngl i would totally play a game where you have to battle dragons in ww2 planes



comment: Star Wars Battlefront 2 and Tekken 7



comment: Mass effect and chivalry, would be pretty fun



comment: Apex and fallen order



comment: War thunder and ark same concept



comment: Insurgency and Fifa



comment: War thunder amd sea of thieves, that would actually be really cool



comment: Team fortress 2 and Phasmophobia



comment: Project wingman and outerworlds, sounds interesting



comment: Monster hunter world x elden ring



comment: Minecraft (create mod) and metro 2033



comment: Assassins creed origins and Rainbow six siege



comment: BF4 and gta 5.



comment: Hahahahaha. borderlands 3 and mlb the show



comment: Ive been playing Hypixel Skyblock for so long i cant remember that last game ive played.



comment: Rhythm Heaven Megamix and Phasmaphobia



comment: Re4 and super mario bros



comment: They are both Bethesda games..... time for the glitchiest shit ever seen by man



comment: Holy shit, is that a motherfucking war thunder reference?



comment: Elden ring and fire emblem fates



comment: Humankind/Sniper elite 5....hmmm so a top down RTS sniper game behind enemy lines....



comment: Minecraft and super smash bros, wait that already exists



comment: Destiny 2 and vrchat sounds like a blast



comment: Yugioh master duel and fire emblem warriors. A hack n slash game using duel monsters sounds kinda fun, ngl



comment: Aliens fireteam elite and unfortunately boyfriend dungeon. Now I must fuck the xenomorphs.



comment: Dark souls and bloodborne



comment: Phasmaphobia / Sea of Thieves



comment: Elden Ring and Dragons Dogma, I mean kinda the same thing so I guess just more civilization within the Elden Ring world?



comment: Have a nice death and apex



comment: Call of Cthulhu and elden ring.



comment: Dying Light and Elden Ring.



comment: ReVillage and Elden Ring? Yes?



comment: Rd2 and FS22



comment: Phasmaphibia and devour. So idk



comment: No mans sky and shredders revenge



comment: Bloons tower defense 6 and league of legends



comment: NFS Heat & Hitman 3



comment: MW3 + Ace combat 7



comment: Fallout and red dead redemption



comment: Skyrim/ark



comment: Elden ring and minecraft



comment: Bugsnax and saints row 3



comment: Fortnite/Overwatch



comment: Gta san andreas and skyrim



comment: Library of Ruina/Rune Factory



comment: Minecraft and just cause 3 interesting



comment: 2k21 and Minecraft ?



comment: Destiny 2 and Kenshi



comment: Dokkan battle and Rust



comment: For Honor and Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 3



comment: Dragon dogma and sea of thieves



comment: Botw and star citizen... huh



comment: Halo wars and world of tanks



comment: Mass effect 2 and Minecraft. Now that would be interesting



comment: Btd6 and lineage



comment: Skyrim and brutal legend, so i guess i get brutal skyrim?



comment: Fortnite and jurassic world evolution



comment: Fortnite and Fallout Shelter



comment: Gunner, Heat, pc! And Mordhau. That sounds horrifying tbh



comment: Sea of theives and bed wars



comment: The Cycle and Stardew Valley. Uh



comment: Monster hunter and Mario kart



comment: Halo and star wars galaxy of heroes mobile game. So i guess a turn based game just like that but with halo characters instead of star wars. Or maybe its halo vs star wars



comment: Postal and DMC, sounds sick



comment: Payday and left 4 dead



comment: Fallout 4 and gears 3 honestly not much has changed



comment: Elden Ring and Assassin’S Creed, Either the Tarnished are gonna fuck up the holy land or Altair is gonna get demolished by the lands between



comment: Um....Evil Dead and um....Mario party....



comment: Genshin Impact and elden ring. Not much changes



comment: So I can farm in elden ring? Elden ring and farming sim 19



comment: Terraria and vr chat



comment: Factorio and V rising. I'm in.



comment: Escape from tarkov and minecraft. PLEASE GOD LET IT BE REAL. No rust doesnt come close



comment: Basically just created battlefront 2 (during the empire). Battlefield 5 and fallen order



comment: Rainbow 6 and Minecraft



comment: Poppy's play time and power wash simulator.



comment: Minecraft/ For Honor... Im going to live in a JRR Tolkien novel. Wish me luck boys



comment: D2 and cyberpunk



comment: Kenshi and league of legends



comment: Borderlands 3 and Final Fantasy XIV... I am honestly at a loss



comment: Lego Star Wars TCS and Hunter:COTW



comment: Elden ring and castlevania, yes fucking please



comment: Guilty Gear Strive and Monster Hunter: World



comment: Apex and elden ring



comment: Arkham knight and Assassin’s creed odyssey



comment: Tarkov and rocket league



comment: MORTAL CALL OF KOMBAT DUTIES



comment: Mass Effect 3 and New Vegas... So basically Outer Worlds



comment: Crusader kings 3 and madden, no idea how thats gonna go



comment: Kenshi and elden ring



comment: Rinworld and rocket league



comment: Dark souls 3 mystery dungeon



comment: Sniper elite 5 and war thunder



comment: Dying light and elden ring



comment: DS1 and Osu



comment: Team fortress 2 and payday 2 this is just one sided ctf



comment: Does it still count if its two different fallout games?... fallout new vegas and fallout 4



comment: Metroid Kart 8: Dread



comment: Warzone and Elden Ring. Lord help me



comment: Minecraft and Destiny



comment: Terraria and Elden Ring. I'm in for an ass fuck



comment: Escspe from tarkov and deep rock galactic



comment: No mans sky and sea of thieves. SPACE PIRATE SIMULATOR



comment: Far Cry 6 and Fallout New Vegas soooooooo not *the same* but functionally identical



comment: Halo infinite and No mans sky... so Starfield probably



comment: Horizon fobidden west and fortnite



comment: Minecraft and star wars battlefront



comment: Dragon ballz kakarot and monster hunter stories 2



comment: Elden ring and pokemon… man… Rayquaza’s gonna eat me alive



comment: Outer worlds, ancestors. Monke in space



comment: Enlisted and fire emblem three houses so not much changed besides the technology



comment: Bannerlord and sniper elite



comment: Horizon zero dawn and gang beasts. Im intrigued



comment: Bloons TD6 and Monster Hunter Rise/Sunbreak. Probably play out like the adventure time crossover but with MH monsters



comment: Elden ring and subnautica, oh god please help me



comment: Fallout New Vegas and Destiny 2… the Courier cast golden gun



comment: AC: Unity and Battlefield 1, could be interesting



comment: Blade and Sorcery, and Sifu. I fuck with it



comment: Graveyard Keeper and Stardew Valley. Damn I'm going to be busy as hell



comment: Rimworld and dark heresy, pretty sure there are already mods for that.



comment: After the fall and no man's sky. Interesting concept here



comment: Planetside 2 and destiny 2 hmmmmmm both never die but bringing the vehicles of planestside ij with the powers and op guns of desinty oh boy



comment: 7 days to die, and Overwatch.



comment: Elden ring and bloodborne



comment: Monster Hunter World, and Elden ring. Sounds like nothing changes but now Elden Ring has dinosaurs



comment: Kirby and Metal Gear Rising



comment: FFXIV and terraria calamity



comment: Terraria /Speedruners . I get to race the moon lord.



comment: Halo and Digimon



comment: Pokemon go and degrees of Lewdity



comment: Pathfinder wrath of the righteous and harry potter a mystery sounds fun



comment: Rust and Lego Star wars



comment: Elden Ring and the Quarry



comment: Gta 5 and minecraft



comment: I got warzone and hobos bizarre adventure battle R



comment: Destiny 2 and a way out, I dont have any idea what the fuck would happen in that game



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and cyberpunk 2077 I get cyberhorses f yeah



comment: Minecraft and BO3 zombies



comment: Alien: Isolation and Maneater. I get to play as a Xenomorph and hunt humans in the Sevastopol.



comment: Oblivian and Roblox



comment: 2019 mw and 7 days to die. Oh that sounds like a nightmare



comment: Baba is you and apex legends 😵‍💫



comment: Elden ring and crossout



comment: Minecraft and Lego Star Wars, should be pretty lit



comment: Pokemon and a different pokemon



comment: Bioshock infinite and among us, well thats interesting



comment: Seven days to die/Assassins Creed Valhalla



comment: Dominions 5 and Space Haven. Imma try to become God in space



comment: Elden Ring and NHL 21



comment: Borderlands 2 and Borderlands 3



comment: DND + Destiny 2



comment: Overwatch and Fortnite



comment: Batman and apex 🤢



comment: GTA V and Fallout 4



comment: Minecraft and for honor. Mmm i wonder how itll turn out



comment: Sekiro and just cause 3 so take that as you will



comment: No Man's Sky / CK3. Think thatd be a pretty dope game ngl



comment: Far Cry 5 and forza horizon 5. So basically just Far Cry 6...



comment: Skyrim and the Avengers



comment: F1 2020, Garry's mod. Oh boy... that's not gonna end well.



comment: Iron Harvest and Elden Ring, seems badass to me



comment: Warframe and battlefront 2



comment: Cold War and infamous



comment: Dead ass actually....that sounds sick as fuck.



comment: Among us (sus) + terraria



comment: Farm Simulator 19 and Farm Simulator 20



comment: Mario and Harvest Moon???



comment: Red dead 2 and vanguard



comment: Forza horizon 5 and squad



comment: Lara croft rise of tomb raider and shadow of war



comment: War thunder and tarkov, sounds like war thunders just merging enlisted in it lmao



comment: That looks pretty fun tbh



comment: TLOU and RDR2



comment: No man's sky and Kingdom Come Deliverance. How does this work



comment: Pathfinder: Kingmaker / Diablo Immortal. Hmm... could be fun.



comment: Valorant terraria



comment: Hunt: Showdown and Stalker: Anomaly. That's just New Vegas with extra steps.



comment: Destiny and minecraft. I don't even know what that would end up as



comment: Fallout 3 and Warthunder



comment: Ghostrunner and Ghost of Tsushima. Damn that sick



comment: Project zomboid and Fallout 4



comment: Jedi fallen order and Arkham knight



comment: Elite Dangerous and The Walking dead.



comment: Dead by daylight/Ark, no clue how that would work



comment: Rocket league and project zomboid. Interesting combo



comment: Dead Island and Banjo Kazooie (doing throwbacks recently), hard to imagine this one 😳



comment: Diablo 3 and Dragon age inquisition. Alright.



comment: Cuphead warriors 😎



comment: GTAV and Dying Light 2...?



comment: Minecraft and rocket league lol



comment: War Thunder and BeamNG Drive



comment: Path of Exile and cookie clicker bruh. Lol



comment: Demon Souls and modern Warfare



comment: Wreck fest and war thunder, planes vs school bus?



comment: For honor and apex legends. A game of pure cancer ♋️



comment: Apex Legends and Fallout 4. So Nuclear Winter basically



comment: Hades and it takes two



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and pavlov



comment: Arma 3, Minecraft



comment: Goat sim waste of space and lobotomizer



comment: Mlb the show and Lego Jurassic park.



comment: smite and no man’s sky



comment: GTA 5 and no man’s sky, so elite dangerous



comment: Overwatch and elden ring



comment: Rayman origins and dying light 2



comment: HALO INFINITE and BATTLEFIELD 2042, its all ive been aaking for.



comment: Red dead 2 and Jedi fallen order, time to blow the Ninth sisters giant head off with a shotgun



comment: AC Valhalla and Gta 5



comment: Red dead 2 and 7 days to die.. I think that could be cool



comment: Crew 2 and Destiny 2? Replace bikes with sparrows and planes with ships, plus aliens and cool abilities and shit. Hell yeah.



comment: Elden ring and cyberpunk2077. Cyborg zombies.....



comment: I don’t know how well baseball in subnautica would go



comment: Borderlands 2 and terraria. How does this work their the same game just 3d and 2d



comment: Doom eternal + Devil May Cry 5



comment: Cod and apex



comment: Halo and Mortal Kombat... Mater chief just going FUZ ROH DAH



comment: New Vegas and Hunt Showdown



comment: Ac valhalla - gta 5



comment: That would be ark and phas



comment: Destiny 2 and Minecraft. Eh



comment: Elden ring and arceus 😳



comment: Dysons sphere project and roblox... i just got a shittier, buggier, blockier, remake of dysons sphere project bruh



comment: Tiny Tina's wonderland and elden ring



comment: Ffxiv and outer worlds



comment: Destiny2 and rainbow six



comment: Apex and sniper elite



comment: Hell let loose and Minecraft



comment: Um, Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot combined with Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2



comment: Skyrim LoZ



comment: Vermintide 2 and phantasy star online 2 huh weird



comment: Ac Valhalla/ MLB the show



comment: Jurassic World Evolution 2, and Red Dead Redemption 2. Oh. No.



comment: Skate 3 and Payday 2



comment: Hitman 3 and Ark



comment: Elden Ring and Destiny 2, now that's a combo



comment: Destiny 2 and Elden Ring… idk



comment: Rocket league and Asura's Wrath how does that work?



comment: Skyrim/smite



comment: Terreria and cyberpunk 2077



comment: War Thunder and ark so double atrocious



comment: Dark souls and Chivalry 2. Im fucked



comment: A piloting game where you hunt/ get hunted by dragons.



comment: Fire emblem warriors and manifold garden



comment: Horza Forizon 5 and warzone



comment: Youre just chilling in ur plane and next thing you know your homie talking bout once the wars over he finna take an arrow to the knee



comment: Evil dead the game, and Spiderman



comment: Arma 3 and Mordhau, jesus christ



comment: Warframe and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance



comment: Assassin's Creed Valhalla and The Walking Dead Saints and Sinners



comment: Mass effect 2 and Skyrim



comment: Pokemon and Man of Medan. A real Pokemon horror game would be cool!



comment: roblox and titan fall 2...



comment: Red dead 2 & Halo



comment: Project cars 2, dying light 2



comment: Hollow knight and smash bros



comment: Elden ring + titanfall 2



comment: Deeprock and Halo, guessing itll be a new horde mode or dwarven pvp



comment: Pokemon and A Way Out. Breaking out of prison with pikachu



comment: Dying light and subnautica



comment: L4D2 and Madness Combat. The same thing pretty much



comment: Tarkov and project zomboid, im about to use a lot of PRS



comment: Borderlands 1 and viewtiful joe huh



comment: Elden ring and dark souls 3...



comment: League of legends (I know right?) and V Rising. Vlad lore game I guess



comment: Ark and destiny2 that collab would be insane



comment: Rust/ rainbow six



comment: Total war:Warhammer 2 and sniper elite 5



comment: Minecraft Pixelmon and Planetside 2... thats kinda already a thing



comment: PlainDumbLuck you a bitch for deleting my comment



comment: Wolfenstein and Jedi fallen order



comment: Destiny 2 and bioshock 2



comment: Hollow knight and yoshis island on gba SP



comment: Modern Warfare and Swordsman VR...... idk how to feel about that



comment: Destiny and fortnight… heard you can get Gjallarhorn in Marvic square, where we dropping boys



comment: Halo infinte/gears of war. The question is, is marcus fighting the covenant, or is masterchief fighting grubs



comment: Wow & Diablo immortal



comment: Valheim and Battlefield 4. I have no clue what that would look like



comment: Kingdom come deliverance and subnautica below zero weird combo



comment: Rust and no mans sky ima get my shit rocked by a space piss missile bruh 😭



comment: Rust and Fallout 4. I get to blow people up with mini nukes and call them the n word



comment: Battlefield and stardew valley.



comment: No mans sky for honor



comment: Cod cold war and vrchat...



comment: fifa and forza i think thats just rocket league



comment: Mario Strikers and Jedi Fallen Order?



comment: God of war, and MLB the show 22 idk how I’d feel about that game lol



comment: Smite and warzone



comment: 2k and god of war kratos fucking dunks on baldur



comment: Destiny and smite so will still be grinding for a year for 1 gun but now I have more abilities



comment: Minecraft and rdr2 ??



comment: Overwatch and elden ring sound cool as fuck



comment: Gta 5 and for honor



comment: Cookie clicker and fortnite. Cookie Battle royale...



comment: Diablo immortal and among us.... I cannot fathom



comment: Destiny2 and GTA5... huh... always wanted to splatter a group of thrall



comment: Dying light 2 and apex legends....hum



comment: Pubg and midnight ghost hunt.



comment: Pokemon and fortnite? Idk if i should be scared or confused if i see a pikachu crank 90s on me



comment: Naruto to boruto and fortnite. I'm a child but at least it'll be fun as FUCK



comment: Ddo and pokemon legends arceus, that could get interesting



comment: Fortnite and muck? Fuck.



comment: Minecraft and gta v



comment: Deep rock galactic and elden ring I think I’m screwed 😣



comment: Sims 3 and project zomboid, not much changes



comment: DanganRonpa V3 and Doom 64.



comment: Necromunda hired gun and call of duty bo4 zombies so cod is a doom style warhammer game now



comment: Punch out wii and Crusader Kings 2. It'll be a boxing match against famous medieval royalty



comment: Devil may cry and elden ring im about to style on that elden veast with vergil



comment: Stardew Valley and Monster Hunter, lol. Wake up one morning to water my crops and there a giant fucking dragon eating my cows



comment: Ffxiv and league



comment: Rdr 2 and Ghost is Tsushima



comment: Dust an Elysian tale and rainbow 6 siege



comment: Lego Star Wars and The Witcher 2. Beautiful



comment: Hearts of Iron 4 + Ark: Survival Evolved... this will be pure chaos.



comment: Halo 4 and Age of Empires… that literally makes the game Halo Wars 😂



comment: Skyrim and watch dogs 2. Interesting combination.



comment: War thunder and Farming Sim 2022



comment: Pokemon and Beat Saber. So would it be Pokemon but battles are like Beat Saber, or is it Beat Saber with Pokemon music?



comment: For Honor and Horizon Forbidden West



comment: BF 2042 and Friday the 13th yhe game



comment: My favorite shouts are unrelenting force & napalm strike



comment: Dead space yakuza 0....idk



comment: JESUS CHRIST, ME AND THE BOYS BOUTTA FUSE BAROTRAUMA TO AN RANDOM ROBLOX GAME WHERE YOU CAN HAVE AN GAS STATION



comment: Left 4 Dead and Viscera Cleanup Detail 😄



comment: Sea of thieves/ minecraft lol i am hella down



comment: Back 4 blood and COD cold war



comment: So vrchat and maneater



comment: Farcry 6 and stranded deep so what that game with the joy drug? And everybody has that weird mask



comment: Valhiem and war thunder. About the same



comment: Minecraft apex. . .blocky br.



comment: Ark and Jurassic park evolution, so not much changed except I can make money as well as ride the Dino’s



comment: Army of Two and Burnout Paradise. 🤔



comment: Terraria and Halo Reach.



comment: Dragon ball fighterz and doki doki



comment: Fortnite + Forza Horizon 5.



comment: Lego star wars and dead by daylight. Um...



comment: Minecraft and DbD



comment: Destiny 2 and elden ring



comment: Warzone and Elden ring



comment: FF14 and Sims 4. Lol



comment: Smash bros and elden ring… oh lordy



comment: Borderlands 2 and borderlands 3.... uh.... gaige in b3 i guess



comment: Apex and elden ring? Could potentially be the greatest thing ever or the worst



comment: Monster hunter world and Elden ring....so basically the same?



comment: gta and war thunder



comment: “I used to be a pilot like you. Then I took a 20mm to the knee”



comment: Elden ring and subnautica. Because go fuck not only yourself, but your entire lineage too.



comment: HOI4 and Escape from tarkov



comment: Overwatch and rust



comment: Metro Exodus and Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare



comment: Minecraft and Escape from tarkov.....



comment: Battlefield & for honor. Huh . That be pretty sweet



comment: Warhammer chaosgate and starship troopers Terran command



comment: Terraria and God of War... So basically ps1 era God of war



comment: Carrion & Minecraft, that sounds like it could actually be rather fun.



comment: Cyberpunk 2077 and Forza Horizon 5



comment: Demon slayer and just cause 4



comment: War thunder and squad.. so battle field 3



comment: Ark and fallout new vages



comment: Isn't that just Century: Age of Ashes?



comment: Is that suckerpunch?



comment: Vrchat and pokemon



comment: War Thunder and Destiny 2



comment: Warzone and smite?



comment: Warzone and shinobi stiker, i have an idea of ehat it would look like



comment: Eve Online and Dead Space?



comment: TrailMakers and Minecraft



comment: fallout 4 and valorant



comment: gta online and minecraft



comment: Civ 6 and Nioh 2. I have no clue how that will turn out



comment: Moonlighter and Stellaris. Explore the galaxy, Take it all back to your Space Shop and sell exotic alien goods. Would be interesting to see the Strategy part of game take place.



comment: Monster hunter and destiny. Wont change to much



comment: Dark Souls 3: New Vegas



comment: Ark and Saint's Row 2, oddly enough nothing has changed.



comment: Minecraft and valorant?



comment: Dark souls and Factorio. Idk tbh



comment: RDR2 and Elden Ring



comment: Jojo's bizarre adventure eyes of heaven and Fallout 4



comment: Grounded and Minecraft



comment: Dragon ball xenovers 2.... Final fantasy xv



comment: Orbusvr reborn and minecraft. Hmm...



comment: Warframe and doom



comment: Tekken 7 and super smash bros ultimate



comment: Elden ring and siege Malenia better watch out she’s about to meet lord m249saw



comment: SWTOR and destiny 2? What?



comment: War selection and phasmophobia



comment: Monster Hunter Rise and Octopath Traveler. Well, time for Cyrus to fight Rathalos, I guess.



comment: Satisfactory and crossout



comment: Chivalry 2 and cod zombies. No I really want a large scale medieval zombie survival game



comment: So... gorod crovi?



comment: ... gmod and fucking minecraft



comment: For Honor and Mordhau. Spose itd be the same thing just with more elements lol.



comment: V-A11 Hall-A and Poketemon (free Pokemon clone). Idek how this would work



comment: Stick man fight and subnautica



comment: Chivalry 2 and Borderlands so just a MMO?



comment: Elden Ring and Monster Hunter World. Essentially just ark survival evolved on the hardest difficulty possible



comment: Sekiro and apex



comment: Wizard of Legend and Mario kart 8?



comment: Halo:CE and Blade & Sorcery



comment: Yugioh and elden ring I don’t know how that would work



comment: Bf5 and Bloodborne



comment: MW3 and peggle nights



comment: War thunder and minecraft. Just minecraft with tanks i guess.



comment: Jedi fallen order and destiny. Soo kinda same



comment: Elden ring and fallout 76



comment: Thats from suckerpunch i think also, Minecraft, and modern warfare 2



comment: Bloons and metal gear...sounds like hell



comment: 2k/dbd



comment: Fallout 4 and my og day 1 release pokemon red save file



comment: Skyrim and The Witcher 3. Pure epicness



comment: I dont remeber anything before diviniry 2. My frind and i just finished it and are ready for another play through.



comment: Minecraft and MechWarriors 5



comment: Skyrim and DBD



comment: Oblivion and deep rock galactic....the dwarves have risen and they have guns



comment: Monster hunter and Tiny Tina's Wonderlands



comment: Superliminal and Doom. This could go either way



comment: Counterside and genshin impact that would make genshin a million times better



comment: Mario kart 8 and enter the gungeon



comment: Othercide and Hyper Light Drifter... holy shit that game would make me nut



comment: Did you guys see the new war hammer game coming out? Basically Warhammer 40k and Vermintide put together



comment: Destiny 2 and Dynasty Warriors 9



comment: Old school RuneScape and Warframe



comment: Roblox+destiny 2



comment: Destiny 2 and tarkov oh god



comment: Terraria and Elden Ring.



comment: Rainbow six siege and jurassic world evolution 2?



comment: GTA V and forza horizon 5 or if phone games count it's GTA V and dragon ball legends



comment: Fucking pokemon mystery dungeon explorers of time and rhythm heaven(wii)



comment: Fallout new Vegas and modern warfare



comment: Dragon Age Inquisition and Guilty Gear? Neat.



comment: Space engineers and halo. So not much?



comment: Far cry 6 and terraria



comment: Deep rock galactic and stalker shadow of chernobyl



comment: Code vein and chivalry 2...yikes



comment: Dark souls 3 and Halo Reach



comment: The last of us part 2 and red dead redemption 2



comment: CoD and gta5 pretty much the gta but more guns



comment: Minecraft and AC odyssey



comment: Devil may cry 5 and wolfenstein new order Lets Rock!



comment: Subnautica and the forest, sounds neat tbh



comment: Nhl 2022 and sea of thieves



comment: SCUM and Metro exodus.....FUCK YEAH BABYYYY



comment: Escape from Tarkov and Back 4 Blood having a bastard child would be dope



comment: Final fantasy 10 and Elden Ring… could be good



comment: Red dead redemption two and blade and sorcery I see this as a absolute win



comment: Project Zomboid and Destiny 2



comment: elden ring and rainbow six siege



comment: Monster Hunter and destiny 2



comment: Ark and fallout 76...



comment: It would be best played in cockpit view



comment: Cod MWR and Cod IW?



comment: Genshin impact and the star wars one with the dude from Gotham



comment: Minecraft and destiny 2



comment: Deep rock galactic and Monster Hunter World sounds like a blast



comment: RE biohazard and pokemon acerus.



comment: Tarkov/minecraft...intriguing



comment: Doom Eternal and Dark Souls III, should I be concerned?



comment: destiny 2 and geometry dash



comment: Destiny 2 and Division 2. Hmmmmm



comment: NASCAR heat 5 and factorio



comment: Animal Crossing and CKIII... I shudder at the debauchery...



comment: Red dead and For Honor



comment: Hahaha my would be raid shadow Legends and Kirby.



comment: Elden Ring and Inscryption. I win



comment: Fnv and war thunder



comment: Elden Ring and Doom Eternal sounds fuckn awesome



comment: “Elden ring” and “Breeders of the nephelym”(steam)



comment: Spider-Man: Miles Morales and Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus.



comment: Assassin's creed valhalla and diablo 3



comment: KSP and Subnautica. God Speed Jebediah



comment: Smite and rocksmith 2014. Slipknot had a colab with smite so kinda already collided



comment: Dying light 2 and fallout 76



comment: Minecraft and super breakout for the Atari 5200



comment: Terraria and elden ring, this shit gonna be really fuckin hard



comment: Snowrunner/Mass Effect



comment: War hammer and swtor



comment: A game with B-17 and dragonsnshit sounds epic



comment: Cold War and Valorant. So just a worse version of Valorant



comment: League and minecraft



comment: Fortnite and starwars battlefront 2



comment: Halo MCC and Doom 64. Wooooo!



comment: risk of rain 2 and deep rock galactic



comment: Smite and diablo



comment: crashes instanlty and never boots



comment: Minecraft and Civ IV... not sure how that'll work but hey



comment: Last of us 2 and tomb raider



comment: Elden ring and r6



comment: Sea of theives and deep rock galactic...almost sounds like treasure planet



comment: CoD: WaW and Jurassic World Evolution 2… SICK



comment: Cyberpunk and smite



comment: Motorstorm Apocalypse and Golf with Friends. I don’t think that would work



comment: Botw and gow4



comment: Pod racers and nba 2k22 so star wars basketball



comment: Skyrim and Rust



comment: Synthetik and ace combat



comment: Call of duty modern warfare 2019 and dead by daylight don't know how that will go Lmao



comment: Star Trek Online and Destiny 2



comment: That looks badass



comment: No man's sky and farm simulator... soooo i am a space farmer now...



comment: Mordheim: City of The Damned and Risk of Rain 2. I can't even begin to imagine how that would work.



comment: tarkov and weed shop 3



comment: Dark souls 3 and gta



comment: Slime rancher and doom



comment: state of deacy 2 and monster hunter: world. time to go hunting boys 😎



comment: Payday 2 and Apex? Futuristic Bank robbery?



comment: Tarkov and fallout Meh



comment: Minecraft/terraria



comment: Project Wingman and Chorus



comment: Minecraft and assassins creed Valhalla



comment: Ff7 remake and Elden Ring



comment: Mlb the show and cod zombies



comment: Dying Light 2 and Tiny Tina's Wonderlands. I am horrified at what that looks like.



comment: The Quarry and Super Mario Strikers. Huh.



comment: Battlefield 1 and Bannerlord so...... Not much different really.



comment: RE4 and Dying light 2



comment: Doom 3 and Doom 2. It’s just doom all around.



comment: Final fantasy xiv and Minecraft 👀



comment: Factorio and Castlevania



comment: Gears 5 and Deep Rock Galactic. Sounds like a fucking blast to me



comment: Destiny 2 and forza?



comment: Modern Warfare 2 and Assassins Creed Syndicate



comment: I’ve been on an open world kick, so the last two I’ve played is Stormworks and Minecraft. Sounds like an awesome experience to me.



comment: Gta v and ARK, druglord with a rex



comment: Minecraft/warthunder



comment: Aight WW2 fighter planes vs dragons would be fucking sick



comment: Warthunder and skyrim is literally just that one scene from sucker punch



comment: Dead by Daylight and Minecraft… just a blocky DbD



comment: Assassins Creed and The Quarry?



comment: AC origins and Spider-Man



comment: Warthunder and COD cold war



comment: Spell caster university.. and growth game... YOU JUST MADE A HORNY ABOMINATION



comment: Ark and cyberpunk. Just cyber Dino’s and im for it



comment: Stardew Valley and SWTOR



comment: Fallout 4 and Mordhau. Honestly doesn't sound bad.



comment: Star citizen and guitar hero. Not sure if there is something weird going on, or if its just SC with music now



comment: Dark souls 2 and legend of zelda



comment: Valorant and DCS



comment: V Rising & Project Zomboid (Yes please...)



comment: Me attempting to stall climb a dragon



comment: Skyrim and WoW



comment: Octopath travelers and honkai impact 3rd. I imagine something similar to honkai starrail which has been in closed beta for the past year.



comment: Minecraft and Borderlands 3



comment: Payday 2 metal gear rising



comment: Idle apocalypse and diablo 3



comment: Dead Cells and Ghost of Tsushima, god that’s a clusterfuck



comment: super mario galaxy and clash of clans



comment: Ghost recon wildlands and warframe



comment: Pokemon Sword and Fallout 2



comment: Lovers in a dangerous space time x tarkov



comment: Phasmophobia and justice league



comment: Ark and Avengers



comment: Destiny 2 and Xenoverse 2. Its just the same game but with more ability options



comment: Gta online mixed with skyrim would be the most annoying shit ever. Constantly getting hit with force shouts and oppressors. A true toxic wonderland



comment: Deltarune Chapter 2 and Super Mario Maker 2. This would make an interesting game to say the least



comment: Call of duty and Remnant from the ashes



comment: BF-V and cod vanguard



comment: Detroit become human and far cry primal. That would be an interesting game



comment: Destiny 2 and zone of enders 2....shit that sounds baller



comment: Tekken 7 and League of Legends or Elden Ring



comment: Elden ring and dead by daylight- 4 level one players take on the Elden beast or escape trying



comment: Battlefield and Arma :3



comment: Hitman 3 and nba2k



comment: Halo Infinite and Minecraft



comment: The binding of Isaac and Star wars battlefront 2



comment: Final fantasy advance tactics / dragon age inquisition. Oh shit



comment: Just Cause 3 and God of War. Grappling hook Cratos toppling regimes?



comment: Stellaris and Resident Evil Revelations 2.



comment: Skater xl and bloodborne



comment: Rogue lineage and half life 2



comment: Old school RuneScape and league of legends. - i guess I just am a nerd lmao



comment: Resident Evil 4 and Warhammer Vermintide 2



comment: Watch dogs and horizon forbidden West



comment: Overwatch and fallout 76. The most dogshit game ever created.



comment: Asseto Corsa and Assasins Creed



comment: RuneScape and rocket league.



comment: Elden ring and binding of isaac



comment: Dead by daylight and some dungeon game lol



comment: Civ 5 and WT Lmaooo



comment: Jurrassic world evolution 2 and minecraft



comment: Minecraft and mount & Blade 2 banner lord



comment: Apex Legends and Elden ring



comment: Cyberpunk and metal gear riding



comment: A porn game and warframe sign me the fuck up nezha is the first one getting it



comment: Fallout and red dead redemption



comment: Need for speed and persona 5 royal



comment: Halo Custom Edition and Halo SPv3. Thats just fucking Halo Reach..



comment: Stellaris and fallout new Vegas



comment: Mechwarrior 5 and Mass Effect



comment: I couldn’t name them honestly. GTA I think, and ?



comment: Hunt showdown and Fortnite



comment: Mass Effect and Elden Ring



comment: Minecraft and... Doom? Oh fuck no



comment: Starfox and Mass Effect... kinda cool



comment: Crossout and warzone. Probably pretty cool



comment: WHAT THR FUCK DOES STYX 2 AND TF2 MAKE



comment: More like you get to be in the plane while it flies around in a circle



comment: Elden ring and persona 4 dancing all night



comment: Persona 4 and god of war 2018



comment: Sekiro and ark? Does that make it easier or harder?



comment: Fortnite and MLB The Show 22.



comment: Minecraft and dark souls 3



comment: Elden Ring and Rune Factory 5, could be good.



comment: Gta 5 online and Minecraft



comment: D2 and TW:WH



comment: Beat Saber and Terraria



comment: Elden ring and elite dangerous



comment: Super mario galaxy and sea of thieves



comment: Mafia 1 and cyber punk



comment: Velheim and dead space…



comment: Dmc and battlefield 5



comment: Hitman 3 and payday 2



comment: Project wingman and kingdom come deliverance



comment: Wait dragons fighting sounds awesome



comment: Monster hunter World and God of war



comment: Siege and iracing



comment: Fire emblem and fallout. That actually opens up some cool game possibilities



comment: Elden ring and resident evil village… oh no



comment: Minecraft and league-of-legends... i mean i guess i get first person leauge lol



comment: Dying light and metal gear rising



comment: Terraria and We Were Here Forever???



comment: Metro Exodus and nfs heat



comment: Elden ring + EU4 (papal state)



comment: TF2 and Stellaris



comment: Kingdom Come: Deliverance and House Flipper would be a dope combo



comment: Payday 2 and Sniper Elite 5... huh, sounds kinda fun.



comment: Minecraft and Dead by Daylight



comment: Rocket league and sea of thieves. Odd combo for sure.



comment: Forza and siege :/



comment: Forza horizon 5 and world of warcraft



comment: Hades + Master Duel



comment: Warframe and Hollow Knight



comment: Insurgency and ghost of Tsushima



comment: Dying light 2 and project zomboid



comment: Cod and R6



comment: Destiny and elden ring?



comment: South Park the Stick of Truth and Destiny 2



comment: Elden Ring and Ark



comment: Nier Automata and Nier Replicant, so the same game with a mixture of fantasy and sci-fi.



comment: State of decay 2 and no mans sky. Bruh, an interplanetary zombie appocolypse with alien zombies? Yes please



comment: The binding of isaac and Valorant



comment: Hardspace: Shipbreaker and RDR2



comment: Deadpool and doom eternal



comment: Blade and sorcery and sniper ghost warrior contracts 2...fuck YES



comment: Monster hunter GU and Dying light 2



comment: The binding of isaac, paired with stardew valley. Hey guys I made minecraft with extra steps



comment: Elden ring and mass effect



comment: Metroid prime and skyward sword 🤔🤔🤔



comment: Minecraft and Warthunder



comment: Jurassic world evolution 2 and Star Wars battlefront 2. Get ready for darth Rexy



comment: Minecraft and R6Siege, what the fuck does that mean for me??



comment: Hell let loose and doom and holy fuck I would play that every day



comment: God of War and HOI4



comment: Forza and saints row4 remastered so gta i guess



comment: DbD + Battlefront 2



comment: Metal gear rising revengance and yakuza 0



comment: Legends Arceus and Mario 3D World. Used the Origin Ball on Meowser.



comment: subnatica below zero and call of duty ghosts



comment: Warframe and minecraft



comment: Mgr and brawlhalla, infinite samurai duels



comment: Yugioh master duels and kirby and the forgotten realm



comment: Rdr2 and ac Valhalla



comment: Detroit Become Human and Beyond Two Souls



comment: Metal Gear Solid 3 and Smash Ultimate- wait a minute…



comment: Fallout 4 and Forza horizon 5



comment: Minecraft and stellaris but i feel like thats just starmade



comment: How do you combine cod and minecraft



comment: Evil dead and Nickelodeon all star brawl



comment: pokemon and diablo



comment: Evolve and Revita



comment: Fallout new vegas and Fallout 4. Huh, new vegas with better gun play and weapon customization? 4 with a better story? Or just project Mojave?



comment: Cyberpunk and dead by daylight?



comment: KOTOR and among us



comment: Battle field and sea of thieves



comment: Elden Ring and JoJos Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven



comment: Sex simulator and pokemon



comment: Destiny 2 and rocket league



comment: Rage 2 and payday 2..uhhhHHHHH..



comment: Team fight tactics and vr chat



comment: Ark and starcraft



comment: Death stranding and fall guys.



comment: The binding of isaac and Doom Eternal



comment: Dark souls three and Jedi Fallen order, this could work



comment: Elden ring style Star Wars game



comment: Fortnite and last of us 2



comment: Saints Row x Elden Ring….?



comment: Ace Combat 7 an Minecraft.



comment: Tropico 6 and Call of Duty... I'm actually okay with this. Time to go actually be what both Voldemyr Zelensky AND Vladamir Putin claim to be! A straight man.



comment: Ravenfield and minecraft... lol



comment: Ark and dbd, sounds terrifying trying to repair generators while escaping a raptor



comment: Halo infinite and uncharted 4



comment: Tarkov and cycle frontier



comment: Bioshock 2 and cooking mama



comment: Rdr2 and bf2042



comment: That needs to happen



comment: Monster hunter world and apex legends



comment: Gta and no mans sky



comment: Terraria and rainbow 6



comment: The crew 2 and new world



comment: Cod wwll and last of us



comment: Apex and destiny 2?



comment: Some murder mystery game and Dead by Daylight



comment: Imagine instead of dogfighting, it’s dragonfighting



comment: Far Cry 4 and Far Cry Primal. Time travel Far Cry game?



comment: Lego Star Wars, and Battlefront 2….so lego battlefront 2… yeah.



comment: Dark souls 3 and minecraft



comment: Evil Dead and Taleland Railway on roblox, fighting deadites on a train? Hell yeah



comment: Sea of thieves and fortnite



comment: Elden ring , sniper elite 5



comment: Ark and tarkov



comment: God of war and legend of dragoon.



comment: Elden Ring and Red Dead



comment: No Man’s Sky and Outerworlds.



comment: Elden ring and sekiro



comment: Cookie clicker and escape from tarkov



comment: Dishonored and genshin impact, if it plays out the way I think it will I’ll be very happy



comment: R6 Siege and The Sims 4?



comment: Call of duty pokemon



comment: Destiny and Diablo. Either really good or really bad



comment: Dying light and doom



comment: For honor and apex?



comment: Skyrim and Smite



comment: Flappy bird and walking dead



comment: Ark survival and monster hunter 😏 I get to ride the dragon



comment: Fallout new vegas and fallout 4. So jack shit changed



comment: GTA V Minecraft... Oh good I get to blast a few creepers with a bazooka lol



comment: Arkham Adylum and Halo 3



comment: Sheesh naraka blade point and 3on3 basketball fusing that shit sounds very chaotic



comment: Deep rock galactic and fallout 4



comment: Ryse and far cry 6 but Shadow of war and the witcher would be AWESOME



comment: Minecraft and bo4



comment: destiny 2 and gta 5



comment: Well, Tarkov and Hunt Showdown?



comment: Far cry 6 and cup head



comment: Super hot and shovel knight



comment: Rdr2 nba2k



comment: Ufc4 and Sea of Thieves



comment: Wildlands and Valhalla...



comment: Fallout 4 and far cry 6



comment: Skyrim and dayz



comment: Smash and Mario Strikers



comment: Apex and Warframe..... Hmmmm



comment: Dayz and ark so zombie dinos



comment: Apex legends and skyrim



comment: Roblox and minecraft..?



comment: Deeprock and elden ring. Melina got nothing on the fatboy



comment: Phasmo phobia and Asuras Wrath



comment: TF2 and The Binding of Isaac



comment: Idk how i feel about gears of war 3 and final fantasy 7 remake



comment: Rainbow six siege and Stardew Vally



comment: Eldenring and sonic heroes



comment: Forza horizon 5 and one piece world seeker, its just forza horizon but now in the one piece world



comment: Tarkov and hoi



comment: Tf would osu and RuneScape be?



comment: Demon Souls and Doom



comment: Fallout 4 and sniper elite 5….. interesting



comment: Who is that in the top left one? They look familiar



comment: League of legends and overcooked 2



comment: Stuka has this in the bag



comment: Snowrunner and minecraft



comment: Minecraft and rdr2



comment: gta online and war thunder



comment: Rocket league and elden ring



comment: Valorant and Warframe



comment: Terraria calamity and the binding of Isaac



comment: GTA and phasmophobia



comment: How does elden ring and crash bandicoot mix?



comment: World of Tanks and Subnautica 🤔



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and far cry 4 so i guess Arthur will have a wingsuit to save himself from Dutch & Micah



comment: Fallout 4 and dead by daylight



comment: Elden Ring and Ravenfield



comment: Horizon forbidden west and BL3



comment: Dark Souls 1 and COD: World At War.....



comment: Gears 5 and tabs, seems fun



comment: Gmod and Shining Pearl.



comment: Phasmophobia and geometrydash???



comment: Dying light 2 and Skyrim



comment: For honor and vermintide 2, that would be so fucking cool



comment: No mans sky and gta online



comment: Reign of Fire



comment: Warframe and War Thunder



comment: Naruto and elden ring



comment: Factorial and deep rock



comment: Wartunder and enlisted..... soooooo just enlisted



comment: Hell let loose and elden ring



comment: Phasmaphobia and Vrchat



comment: Bloodborn and horizon forbidden west



comment: Fractured But Whole and Stick of Truth



comment: Demeo and Smite? Interesting board game for sure.



comment: Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart and Destiny 2



comment: Elden Ring and Metal Gear Revengance



comment: GTA V story mode and Spiderman PS4



comment: Elden ring & Minecraft



comment: Terraria and Skyrim



comment: Gtao and beatsaber



comment: Assassins creed and fortnite



comment: War thunder and the cycle, i dont even know how that would work. Like you if you die you have to start you tech tree all over again?



comment: Monster hunter and pokemon



comment: God of war 4 and fallout new Vegas?



comment: Predator: hunting grounds, and ARK: Survival Evolved



comment: Tiny tina wonderlands and ff14



comment: Bloons TD 6 and League of Legends



comment: Kotor and kotor 2



comment: League of Legends and Escape from Tarkov? I dont know what i can even do with that



comment: So i was watching Vikings and got to wondering what happened to the Vikings. Turns out they just stopped raiding. So game idea. Modern day and tech vikings. Same spirit and art just modernized. Thoughts?



comment: Hollow knight and Roblox



comment: terraria w dbz mod and naruto shinobi striker



comment: Genshin and rust oh god



comment: Borderlands 2 and Rocket League. Not sure how tf that turning out tbh



comment: Danganronpa and dragon age



comment: Skyrim amd southpark fractured but whole



comment: Sea of thieves and for honor, I’d be down for a free roam game that has combat like for honor



comment: Imagine Skyrim and Battelfield 1 shit will be insane



comment: GTA and COD



comment: Shadow Of War and Elden Ring



comment: Hell Let Loose and Witcher 3. So either a more intense Chivalry or Hell Let Loose with fucking magic and random monsters everywhere



comment: Fire emblem three houses and...fire emblem warriors three hopes...? Thats a paradox.



comment: Cyberpunk and Warframe.... why does this sound so awesome?



comment: Endless space 2 / SWTOR



comment: Apex legends and BTD6



comment: Chivalry 2 & Dragon’s Dogma???



comment: Who’s your daddy and mortal combat



comment: Warthunder and minecraft



comment: Warcraft 2 and FFXIV. Not a bad combo conceptually, but graphically it would be a disaster.



comment: Hoi4 and warthunder. I dont really know i guess a ww2 game to say the least



comment: Eldenring wizard101. Wtf



comment: Halo and fallout shelter?



comment: Titanfall 2 and minecraft. Ah naw they got da bt in da block game!?🤨



comment: Squad and Tarkov, yikes



comment: Rainbow 6 and a gundam game



comment: need for speed x bo3



comment: Fallout 4 and nba 2k



comment: Well it was ocarina of time and majora's mask....



comment: Pokemon Legends and phasmophobia



comment: Sea of thieves and Morrowind



comment: Sauce for bottom is suckerpunch i think



comment: Skyrim and pokemon legends arceus



comment: Mass effect and elden ring



comment: Minecraft and krunker.io. literally just minecraft with guns at that point



comment: Smite and Rust lmao.



comment: Halo 3 and halo 5. Great. Now I get to play halo 4 again.



comment: SWTOR and WarThunder, so a good vehicle Star Wars game



comment: Halo and a demo game called escape academy? I guess it’s just a halo themed escape room? Big recommend on escape academy tho, it looks cringe, but it’s a pretty fun multiplayer puzzle game



comment: Elden ring and Maneater. So a souls like shark feed and grow game.



comment: Morrowind and drift86. How tf would that fuses



comment: D&D and Prey (Talos 1). I think Prey on a D&D engine would be... amazing



comment: Squad and ffxiv….. wtf am I in for?!



comment: Tiny Tina's and Ghostwire Tokyo. Would be nice to have guns for that game so I accept



comment: modern warfer and Wolfenstein, basically Wolfenstein with a racist multiplayer and shitty cosmetics



comment: Red dead 2 and fallout 4 0_o god i would love to see cowboys taking on an army of ghouls or supermutants



comment: Minecraft and pubg. Basically pixel gun?



comment: DR2C and Fallout 4 , could be a banger



comment: Morrowind and Bioshock Infinite. So basically what would happen if they put all their resources into researching Dwemer tech. Steampunk N’wahs.



comment: Overwatch and Pokemon. Basic, I know



comment: The new Kirby and deep rock galactic.



comment: Rainbow 6 siege and dead by daylight



comment: War thunder and KSP. Thats just the KWP mod



comment: Borderlands 3 and Destiny 2



comment: Eldin ring and doom eternal...not alot really changes.



comment: Crossy roads and street fighter lmao



comment: I've been trying to get Sora in Fortnite for a while anyway😂😂😂



comment: Minecraft and AC3. Guess Connor can now build a dirt bridge straight to Charles Lee



comment: WW3 and COD2019



comment: Last two games i played are GTA V and Subway Surfers l:



comment: World of tanks and subnautica, subtanks vs leviathans.



comment: DayZ and Stardew Valley



comment: Terraria and Prototype 2. I think i was really lucky



comment: Lego Pirates of the Caribbean and Shin Megami Tensei V. huh



comment: Death stranding and overwatch.....



comment: The Quarry and Hotline Miami 2, I have no idea how those would go together



comment: Apex and titan fall 2....



comment: Destiny 2 and Just Cause 4



comment: Bf2042 and Fall Guys?



comment: Battlefield 1 and knockout city



comment: World of Warcraft and Pokemon. Thats allready happened with WoW's pet battles.



comment: Destiny and Grounded



comment: Elden ring and no man’s sky



comment: Hitman 2 and Chivalry 2



comment: Minecraft and warframe huh



comment: Farcry 3 and 4…idk how that would work



comment: Elden ring and forza horizon 5



comment: Elden ring and halo wars 2, id totally play an elden ring rts, idk what the goal of any of the leaders would be but that sounds pretty fucking sweet



comment: Ac odyssey and super auto pets



comment: Human fallflat and elden ring... Hahaha



comment: Fortnite and ark



comment: Minecraft and Battlefield 4



comment: Gta and subnautica below zero



comment: 7 days to die and no man’s sky. I dunno how that would work



comment: Warhammer 40k space Marines and doom 2016



comment: Two different clicker games



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and sea of thieves



comment: Genshin Impact and Monster Hunter Rise



comment: That actully looks like fun



comment: My time at Portia and the Quarry



comment: I cant wait to hear Minecraft ambience music when I'm being followed by a subnautica creature



comment: Dead by Daylight and Spiritfarer



comment: Ready or not and Farming sim.



comment: Dying light and far cry 5, damn thatd be pretty cool.



comment: Vr chat and total war warhammer



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Minecraft



comment: Warzone and borderlands 3...



comment: Dayz and R6? I’m frightened yet curious



comment: Valorant and modded minecraft



comment: No man's sky and smite.. That would be pretty fun



comment: I don’t remember 😔



comment: MGRR and Dead space 2. Incomprehensible



comment: I Am Bread x Hollow Knight



comment: Devil may cry and metal gear rising revengence



comment: Fortnite and Borderlands 2, more guns and blood



comment: Terra tech and Gta… Sounds fun



comment: Summoners war and Fallout 4. What the hell is even that



comment: Elden ring and for honor



comment: Super smash and blade and sorcery YES YES YES



comment: Legends Arceus and Minecraft. Sounds kinda fun tbh.



comment: Jurassic world evolution 2 and monster hunter world



comment: Imagine getting Gajjin’d and Bethesda’d at the same time



comment: Halo odst and modern warfare battle royal mode.... honestly not that bad



comment: Just cause 3 and super meat boy



comment: Monster hunter rise and Metroid Dread. A 3D Metroid where you have to hunt the bosses like the monsters from monster hunter



comment: Skyrim and minecraft



comment: Destiny 2 and my friend pedro which sounds AMAZING



comment: Borderlands 1 & 2, Im binging the series



comment: Minecraft and hunt showdown will be an interesting mix



comment: Apex legends and elden ring, that’s interesting



comment: dead space 1 and warzone:rebirth resurgence



comment: Final Fantasy XIV and Dungeons and Dragons.



comment: Half life opposing force and half life blue shift...thats fucking lame dude. How about fallout new vegas and grand theft auto. It would be a fallout game, but set in the gta universe, so youd have speech and all that. But youd be in liberty city or some shit, Gaining reputation with gangs and police



comment: No man’s sky n fallout 4, fuuuuusssssss-ion-ha! … Starfield



comment: Apex and elden ring, idk how well that would synergize



comment: God of war amd warframe



comment: Overwatch and atlas



comment: Witcher and elden ring. Not much different i assume just more human NPCs hanging around



comment: Ark and star wars battlefront. Sooo i dunno wtf thatll be other than badass



comment: Elden ring and cyberpunk



comment: Sniper contract forza horizon



comment: Ark and GTA V



comment: Ark and halo? Wtf is even that



comment: Elder Scrolls Online and r6 siege 🤔



comment: Gta v and red dead redemption



comment: Hear me out borderlands/gta



comment: Vr Chat and Conan Exiles



comment: Fortnite and MK11 so I guess just the opening for MK Armageddon



comment: Eldin Ring/Nova Drift. Im gunna be honest, all I can imagine is eldin ring with more neon.



comment: Doom eternal and dying light 2



comment: Skyrim (weirdly enough) and minecraft.



comment: Stardew valley and left 4 dead 2



comment: Elden ring and battlefield 5



comment: Halo ce and halo reach



comment: D2 + CoC = Nonperma-death rust



comment: Mgs 1 and mgs2!



comment: Borderlands 2 and Overwatch.



comment: Bruh apex and ark "so uh does anyone want to tell me where silva got a rapptor and who in the hell gave him a saddle for it"



comment: Destiny 2 and Mechwarrior 5. Weird but aight



comment: Hades and Elden Ring



comment: Elden Ring and Apex...



comment: Pokemom pearl, and lego star wars for the wii



comment: Kirby and The Forgotten Land and Fire Emblem Warriors Three Hopes



comment: Fortnite and dead by daylight



comment: Resident evil 7 and alien 🥰



comment: Elden Ring Bio shock,



comment: Arkham city and subnautica. Fucking criminal fish or some shit



comment: Star war's Jedi fallen order ajd world of blitz



comment: mafia and dead by daylight



comment: Farcry 5 and minecraft



comment: A porn game and Slime Rancher. I think I'm going to be juuuuuuuuuust fine



comment: Devil may cry and deer simulator…… hmmm what’s that gonna be like.



comment: No mans sky and for honor. We shal take more than the holy land. WE SHALL TAKE THE HEAVENS THEMSELVES.



comment: Zombie army and Shadow of the tomb raider?



comment: What is that bottom frame from? Looks interesting.



comment: Ark survival evolved and pokemon y



comment: The quarry and ghost of tsushima



comment: Terraria and Sea of Theives



comment: CSGO and dmc5 because devil may cry wasnt ridiculous enough



comment: Dark souls and elden ring. Not much changed



comment: Cities Skylines and MLB The Show 22. I don’t even see how this will work



comment: Lost Ark and V Rising.



comment: ghost of tsushima and apex , a samurai battle royale?



comment: Skyrim and no man's sky, I think I just made starfield.



comment: Skyrim and no man sky



comment: Warthunder and feed and grow fish



comment: Gta and dying light



comment: 20 minutes till dawn and res evil 7 sounds pretty much like cod zombies



comment: Forza and tarkov



comment: R6 and smite



comment: Bloodborne and fallout 4



comment: Maus vs dragon



comment: APEX and 2k22



comment: Wolfenstein and no man's sky



comment: Hearts of Iron 4 and Chivalry 2… so Crusader Kings



comment: Bully scholarship edition and dying light a very different combo



comment: Dark souls and gta online does sound interesting



comment: I am bread and cod warzone hmmm interesting 🤔



comment: Diablo II and Half life 2



comment: Skyrim and terminator resistance



comment: Minecraft and Just Cause 4



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Batman Arkham Origins



comment: Town of salem and civilization... I don't even see how they could merge



comment: Elden ring and wii sports resort



comment: Titanfall 2 and minecraft



comment: Compound and Rogue Legacy 2



comment: Elden ring watch dogs 2



comment: Elden ring and cyberpunk 2077



comment: Elden ring and animal crossing



comment: From the depths and no man's sky. More or less Space engineers



comment: Legend of zelda: a link to the past and fortnite



comment: Modern warfare and war thunder



comment: Warframe and red dead 2



comment: Prototype 2 and Halo 3. Alex Mercer Gravemind fusion?



comment: Elden ring and F1 racing



comment: Elden ring and minecraft?



comment: Ocarina of time and Majora's mask. So not really that crazy.



comment: Master duel and star citizen



comment: Bio shock and Terraria. Sounds fuckin awesome



comment: Shadow of colossus and spiderman, honestly sounds fun



comment: Ayeee I’m playing pixelmon!!!



comment: Stanley parable and league of legends.



comment: Pokemon and Minecraft, so pretty much pixelmon



comment: Subnautica and BF4



comment: Destiny and Monster Hunter, so little has changed-



comment: Pokemon Shield and Bayonetta, I wonder how well a Arceus would do against Jubileaus



comment: WWE2K22 and Evil Dead: The Game



comment: Fallout NV and Minecraft neat



comment: Returnal/demon souls



comment: PSO2 NGS and Diablo



comment: Grim Quest and SFS, not sure how this is going to play out...



comment: Hollow knight and minecraft



comment: Gta and rainbow six siege. Dont really think theres a mix there



comment: Im gonne be completely honest. Subnautica and Skyrim.



comment: Call of duty and battlefield



comment: Warframe and pokemon



comment: Forza horizon 5 and gta 5



comment: Fallout 76 and ark survival evolved...........im fucked



comment: League of Legends and Rust!



comment: Skyrim and just cause 3 baby



comment: Skyrim and saints row



comment: Rocket league, Red Dead Redemption 2. Rocket horses and cowboy athletes.



comment: Cod cold war and super mario odyssey



comment: Skyrim and Aliens: Colonial Marines. Guns and magic and xenomorphs oh my.



comment: Dark souls and phasmaphobia, second game I don’t find scary, but cross these two and I think I may just pass on that one



comment: Metro exodus and bf4



comment: Rocket league and gta online



comment: Revengence and farming simulator



comment: Ray man origins and who’s your daddy. This’ll be boring tbh



comment: Valorant and Skyrim... Interesting...



comment: Farming simulator and cod?



comment: The backroom 1998 and Minecraft. Wait isn't someone already trying to do that with a Minecraft mod



comment: 7 days to die and elden ring



comment: Call of duty and fifa 22



comment: Sims 3 and Crusader Kings 3. So just Crusader Kings 3 then



comment: destiny 2 and vtmb would make an interesting game



comment: Phasmophobia and Terraria. Idk what to even expect



comment: Naraka: Bladepoint and Modern Warfare 2



comment: Eso and surviving mars



comment: Red Dead redemption 2 and war zone



comment: Persona 5 and...rage 2....this...is a vile combo



comment: Elden ring and pubg i don't know how this would play out



comment: Skyrim and animal crossing



comment: Destiny 2 and Ark. Cool



comment: Fire emblem and Jurassic world evolution.... uh, dinosaur tactics?



comment: Hunt Showdown and ESO, so basically ESO except sweatier and with firearms



comment: Pokemon Heart Gold and Team Fortress 2



comment: Master duel and minecraft, imagine getting sent to the shadow realm by the enderdragon



comment: Just exploit enchanting bro



comment: Squad and Dbd, hmmm



comment: 20 minutes till Dawn and Red Dead 2. Oh god..



comment: Elden ring+ghost recon wildlands



comment: Kingdom Come: Deliverance, and OG Battlefront 2



comment: Battlefront 2 and No Man's Sky. Lookin pretty good.



comment: Ark and dbd



comment: Minecraft and Elden ring



comment: Guardians of the Galaxy and Dead Rising



comment: Breakpoint and elden ring



comment: 7 days to die and f.e.a.r 3



comment: League of legends and pogostuck



comment: Distant Worlds: Universe and Ships at War



comment: Morrowind and red dead redemption 2



comment: Jedi fallen order and mini motorways



comment: Skyrim and fallout 4 soy pretty well I assume



comment: GTA and Minecraft



comment: Skyrim and deep rock galactic



comment: Hell let loose and Skyrim



comment: GTA V and Horizon Zero Dawn



comment: Red Dead Redemption Online, and Farming Simulator 22 :(



comment: Ready or Not and DCS



comment: Ark and yugioh? How in the fuck does that work



comment: roblox and cod mw 2019



comment: Elder ring and Tekken 7.......



comment: Kayak VR and Ace Combat



comment: Apex and Rust this will be the most toxic of games



comment: Assassin's Creed Valhalla and just cause 3



comment: Lego starwars and skate 3



comment: D2 and titan fall 2



comment: Dcs and Minecraft



comment: ARK and Deep Rock Galactic



comment: For honor and Minecraft



comment: Witcher 3 and DMC5.. more boobs I guess



comment: Elden ring and warframe. Yes please



comment: Battlefield 1 and Minecraft



comment: Far cry 6 and sniper elite 5. Its gonna be a fucking boring one boys



comment: Civ 5 and God of War.



comment: Cyberpunk and Minecraft



comment: Lego starwars and subnautica



comment: Btd 6 and skyrim



comment: Metal Gear Rising and Undertale



comment: Escape from tarkov and lawn mowing simulator



comment: Chivalry 2 and Isaac



comment: Warframe and For Honor



comment: Portal and rdr2



comment: Onward on VR and halo wars 2. If its a fps this finna get jiggy



comment: Phasmophobia and elden ring



comment: Salutations exile



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and ghostwire Tokyo



comment: Online chess and clash royale... yeah it's the same game.



comment: Darkwood and Project Zomboid. So just Zomboid, but an extreme emphasis on horror and night=bad



comment: Pubg and rust



comment: Generation Zero and Hunter Call of the Wild



comment: For Honor and Girls Frontline



comment: TABS and Minecraft



comment: Warframe and Valorant. So it's just warframe with PvP



comment: Dayz and pokemon



comment: Fall out 4 and witcher 3



comment: dragons would not stant a chance against modern weapons



comment: Metal gear solid and red dead redemption 2. Hrrrrnnnnggg Dutch



comment: Avorion and Risk of Rain 2



comment: Pokemon and divinity 2 original sin



comment: Horizon forbidden West, and Forza horizon 5



comment: Dead by daylight and titanfall 2 well, this outta be odd



comment: Rust and apex. Would love it. The movement and gun mechanics of apex with the base building of rust



comment: Fallout and monster hunter. Uh oh



comment: Rainbow Six Siege and The Division 2, I haven't noticed a difference



comment: minecraft and for honor



comment: Grounded And OVERWATCH..



comment: Bioshock 2 and Yakuza 0. Not quite sure how this will mix, to be honest.



comment: morrowind and minecraft looks like the tribunals getting a brandnew obsidian wall around red mountain



comment: Rdr2 and re2. Undead nightmare 2 herevi come



comment: Dayz and red dead redemption 2



comment: Superhot and Minecraft



comment: Hmm the long dark and mafia 3 soooo a frozen wasteland ran by the italian mafia



comment: Pokemon and red dead redemption 2, could be messed up if you can gut and skin pokemon



comment: Hunt showdown and deep rock galactic



comment: i have no clue but warframe and fucking roblox



comment: Elden ring and hunt showdown?



comment: Elden ring and fortnite



comment: Sims 3 and rage 2



comment: Castlevania harmony of despair and infamous... cole macbelmontgrath



comment: Minesweeper and EU4. There’s already a mod for that



comment: Chivalry 2 and MCC



comment: Devil may cry 5 and rocket league lol



comment: Subnautica and Phasmophobia...



comment: Anyone play New World?



comment: DMC and cod Cold War. Why is the 1st DMC so confusing? Like, wtf am I doing in a castle?



comment: Skyrim and stonehearth? I’m pretty sure that’s just minecraft with a few mods



comment: Dmc 3 and disco elysium



comment: Skyrim and destiny 2. I dont know whats going on but i feel i wont last very long



comment: Mordhau and eso so in other words a mmo mordhau



comment: Farcry 4 and fallout 4 eh not bad



comment: Runescape and the Division 2. Im not sure how that would turn out tbh.



comment: Dawg Elden ring and fallout 76 would be fire.



comment: Apex and San Andreas lol I guess either new legends and guns or a new map😂



comment: House flipper and gta 5 this may actually get intresting



comment: Mount & Blade and Star Wars Battlefront



comment: Fallout 3 and halo 2



comment: Far cry 3 and minecraft



comment: Final Fantasy 14 and World of Tanks



comment: ESO & Warframe



comment: Cyber-Witcher



comment: Gta4 and Metal Gear Solid 3



comment: Sea of thieves and GTA V



comment: Hell let loose and dayz



comment: Destiny 2 and Ark would be an interesting combo but i also just started my VR stuff sooo put that combination into Vr and you've got a good time



comment: Ghostwore tokyo.....and Elden ring



comment: Tf2, beamng drive



comment: Doom and ghost recon



comment: Minecraft and Rainbow six siege…. Alright then



comment: Ww2 fighters against dragons sounds like it would be fun for a while



comment: Red dead 2 & team fortress 2



comment: Siege and DMC5…. Now that would be a sight to behold



comment: Mechwarrior 5 and Elden Ring



comment: Deep rock and bf4



comment: Skyrim and Risk of Rain 2. Oh fuck.



comment: Dishonored 2 and dying light 2



comment: I basically just made ghost recon3 with Wildlands and Breakpoint being the last 2 games i played.



comment: Hunt:Showdown and Forwarned



comment: So its just Century Age of Ashes for that guy



comment: Destiny and minecraft. Idk how these would fuse



comment: Red dead two and apex legends. Hmmmm



comment: Battlefront and wolfenstein, interesting



comment: Pokemon and MGR. Should be, interesting.



comment: Re4 and insurgency sandstorm so another zombie fps with good story and realistic gun play?



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and Monster Hunter Rise



comment: Destiny and binding of Isaac so a grindy rpg with biblical figures as raid bosses… sick



comment: Elden ring+ blade and sorcery



comment: Roblox and fh4



comment: Risk of rain 2 and r6



comment: Gta 5 and splunky 2



comment: Amongus and 7dtd



comment: Warzone and rust



comment: Prey and Elden Ring, interesting.



comment: Elden Ring and Bloodborne



comment: No man’s sky and Skyrim. Sooo, just starfield



comment: Modern Warfare Campaign and Assassins Creed Unity...im basically playing fucking GRW at this point



comment: Minecraft and destiny 2



comment: metal gear revengence and Minecraft



comment: Osrs and warthunder... No way the grind would get worse right?!?!



comment: Shadow Warrior 3 and Bee Simulator



comment: So it would be like the Monster Hunter movie scene where the Rathalos just kicks the ever loving hell out of the jets there?



comment: Amnesia and re7 i think that just makes amnesia less scary



comment: Fallout 4 and snowrunner. Oohh i like that.



comment: Destiny 2 and Starbound :3



comment: Pokemon and Rainbow 6. These operators are getting out of hand.



comment: DayZ and Squad



comment: Destiny 2 and MLB the show. Pacifist Guardian Games



comment: Dark Souls 3 and Death Stranding



comment: Total War: Thrones of Britannia and South Park: The Fractured But Whole



comment: Elden ring and lost planet 2



comment: Ark and escape from tarkov..



comment: Dbd plus wow.



comment: Bloodborne and Genshin Impact lol



comment: Hell let loose and crab game…. Any ideas?



comment: Siege and Sea of Thieves



comment: Ready or not and for honor



comment: Slime Rancher and Minecraft… soonds fucking DELIGHTFUL.



comment: phasmophobia and snowrunner… this, this is gonna be interesting



comment: Ark survival evolved and minecraft... aremt they practically the same though? And isnt there a mod for minecraft that just adds in dinosaurs?



comment: Warthunder + SwTOR….. this is gonna be interesting



comment: MGSV X Subnautica



comment: BF4 and Elden Ring



comment: Vanguard zero and Nier automata



comment: Naruto to boruto shinobi striker and rocket league dude what



comment: Sea of thieves and Diablo. Oh this os gonna be bad I can tell.



comment: Dark Souls 3 and Devil May Cry 5



comment: Forza 3 and elden ring



comment: Elden ring and fem domination 2. Well seems like not much will change. Ill be f*#ked about the same.



comment: Stranded deep amd warthunder. Ill be rescued! Then sent to the frontlines



comment: Monster hunter and Elden ring. I'm screwed



comment: Halo and flight sim



comment: Civilization 6 and The Last of Us Part 2.



comment: I LOVE Sucker Punch!



comment: Super hot and minecraft



comment: Arma and space engineers I'm now horny



comment: Diablo x The Surge 2. So basically Elden Ring.



comment: Bf1 and Kotor. Sci fi trench war basically



comment: Smite and video horror society



comment: League of Legends and Binding of Isaac. Could be worse



comment: Resident evil:code veronica and elden ring, oh thatll be interesting



comment: Borderlands gta



comment: Her games and my heart



comment: Apex Legends and Elden Ring. Bruh imagine you drop from the Sky as fucking faith mage or dual wielding dex build and have to battle it out with 60 other players in the middle of Caelid



comment: Marvel vs capcom 1, and sonic shuffle



comment: War hammer 40k: Space marines and space station 13.



comment: Ark and Conan..not that different



comment: You guys ever seen gate? Its kinda like this and i love it



comment: Rust and clash of clans. Im currently defending my 2x2 from electro dragons



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and spiderman miles morales. What do you think itll be like?



comment: Elden ring and Apex Legends. Mirage boutta fuck up Melania



comment: World of warships and arma reforged



comment: Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach and Stardew Valley 🤔🤔🤔



comment: Doom and Minecraft.



comment: Minecraft and genshin impact. Honestly dont know



comment: FFXIV and Overwatch. Not really sure what to make of that.



comment: Wizards 101 and league of legends so nothing changes



comment: Eso and warframe



comment: Hades and Breath of the Wild. Cant wait to see how this would turn out...



comment: Day z and insurgency so i made tarkov basically right



comment: Dark souls and farcry 5 is just Walmart



comment: Skyrim and Hunt: Showdown



comment: Cod zombies and civ.



comment: Hitman, plus Subverse. So it's a sci-fi assassin game with porn



comment: Elden ring and ni no kuni.....



comment: Deus ex mankind divided and battlefield 4



comment: Resident evil village and halo 4



comment: Doom Eternal and Sea of Thieves



comment: Total war warhammer and stellaris, so basically warhammer 40k



comment: Fallout 4 Runescape. Seems like itd just be the original fallouts



comment: Ark and overwatch



comment: Skyrim and rust



comment: Halo 3 and Indiana Jones (an old one where it's looking for some Chinese emperor or something)



comment: Insurgency and StarCraft II…… so basically warhammer 40k



comment: Snow runner and subnautica??? I don't know how that would go, driving a truck and a reaper yeets my ass



comment: Battlefield 1 and terraria



comment: Risk of Rain and Destiny 2. That will be interesting. Time to flatline Rhulk with a ukulele.



comment: Battlefield 1 and Minecraft



comment: Forbidden West and Rust. I can dig it



comment: Back 4 Blood/Bayonetta.



comment: Fallout 4 and rocket league



comment: Gta5 and Minecraft



comment: Overreach and dead by daylight



comment: Minecraft and prison architect 😭 that’s just a minecraft prison server



comment: Gears of war 1 and destiny 2 the first lucent berserk i see im running



comment: Axis and allies - Civil War. General Lee’s about to nuke Japan



comment: Dying Light 2 and Red Dead Redemption 2



comment: Destiny 2 and Risk of Rain 2



comment: Resident Evil 2 and Modern Warefare 2



comment: I've been playing rimworld for the last few months I honestly don't remember what I played before, probably read Dead 2 to take a guess.



comment: Call of duty infinite warfare zombies and gta 5



comment: MW2 and skyrim



comment: Roblox D-Day and elden ring…



comment: league and tarkov...



comment: RuneScape and final fantasy 12



comment: Risk of rain 2/ FORTNITE



comment: Flight simulator and doom, like how tf is that going to work?



comment: Warzone and Kerbal Space Program



comment: Minecraft and forza horizon 5



comment: No mans sky and fallout 4…



comment: Witcher 3 and Hollow Knight. Witcher themed metroidvania actually sounds kinda sick ngl



comment: Doom and war thunder I’m not gonna do to well



comment: Kinetica and super puzzle fighter two turbo



comment: Assassin's Creed origins and Forza 5



comment: Sw Battlefront 2 and b04



comment: CoD and minecraft lmfao



comment: Observatory and City Skylines. Build the coolest space station/ space community. Then once everyone is thriving send a mysterious entity out into the community to wreak havoc



comment: Sea of thieves and rainbow six



comment: Gta and Fortnite jesus christ no



comment: Insurgency Sandstorm and War Thunder



comment: Medal of Honor AirBorne and Minecraft... a unique combination.



comment: Cyberpunk and Elden Ring



comment: Hollow knight and arkham knight



comment: Tarkov and For Honor



comment: Infamous second son and h3vr. I got smoke powers, neon powers, video powers and a fuck ton of guns all in vr.



comment: Yugioh and phazmaphobia



comment: It it only me that thinks a game where you play in a fighter jet and for what ever reason you have to fight dragons. I think it would be dope



comment: Fallout NV & darksouls



comment: Minecraft and gang beasts is that just spleef game in Minecraft



comment: Rdr2 and fallout.



comment: Dead cells and cookie clicker🤔



comment: apex and overwatch lmao



comment: Minecraft and Stardew Valley.



comment: Minecraft and Destiny 2



comment: Apex n rocket league



comment: Pokemon red and cod



comment: Conker's bad fur day and Madden 04



comment: ........... assassin Creed origins and Pokemon huh thats going to be interesting or WTF



comment: COD WWII and Destiny 2



comment: This is still one of my favorite memes. Glad to see it in circulation again.



comment: Outlast and oblivion



comment: Monster hunter rise and Mario kart 8



comment: Fallout new vegas and 7 days to die??



comment: Trove and DS3 :(



comment: Anthem and Cod WW2 sounds like a clusterfuck



comment: Minecraft and Switch Sports



comment: Dying Light 2 and Battlefront 2. There’s already an Easter egg in DL2 where you can force choke people.



comment: Darksouls and deadspace



comment: Binding of Isaac Repentance and Metal gear rising revengence



comment: The maid story and fall guys lol



comment: Binding of Isaac and Metal Gear Rising Revengence



comment: fallout new vegas and team fortress 2 classic



comment: Madden 22 and GTA V. Time to make football far more bloody.



comment: The crew and fallout? Finally some fucking drivable vehicles



comment: Mafia 1 and battle field 1. How that gonna work?



comment: destiny 2 smash ultimate god the story would be confusing



comment: Far cry 4 and apex legends



comment: League of Elden Legends



comment: Minecraft and pokemon. So im just playing pixelmon



comment: Halo 3 and ghost recon wildlands



comment: Apex and elden ring



comment: Titanfall 2 and apex. Wait does this mean Titanfall 3????



comment: Eldenring and Pokemon



comment: Minecraft and terraria. Not so different



comment: Borderlands 2 and deep rock galactic



comment: Roblox loomian legacy and pokemon emerald. Its just pokemon



comment: BTD 6 and Huniepop 2.... Oh no..



comment: Mass Effect 3 and Warthunder. Might as well add the fucking Normandy SR2 in as a 11.3 premium at this rate anyway.



comment: Overwatch and wonderlands. Honestly sounds kinda fun



comment: GTA V and Monolpoly Plus... Time to rob the other players at gun point



comment: Elden Ring and Ark



comment: Lego batman and wolfinstien



comment: Apex and the witcher 3



comment: Elden Ring and Monster Hunter. Doesn’t really change much tbh.



comment: Warframe and BTD6



comment: Metro and fallen order



comment: It didnt turn out great... Rainbow Six and LoL



comment: Borderlands 3 and cyberpunk.



comment: No man’s sky and roller champions. We got space sports baby



comment: Victoria 2 and Chivalry 2… so CK3 lol



comment: Reternal and Rogue Company. Ill let yall comment on this.



comment: Minecraft and gt7 thats a bit weird



comment: Minecraft and battle cats?



comment: GTA 5 and the last of us 2



comment: Legends Arceus and Dark Souls 3, damn



comment: Forza 4 and battlefield?



comment: Call of duty and apex. We already got warzone.



comment: ARK and COD



comment: Overwatch and 20 Minutes Till Dawn



comment: Gmod and vrchat.. that just vr gmod



comment: Mlb and 2k



comment: War thunder and fallout 4: just the boomers from new Vegas



comment: Subnautica and Sea of Thieves. No thanks, im good



comment: Assassin creed Oregon and red dead redimtion 2



comment: World of Warcraft and elder scrolls online



comment: The Binding of Isaac and SSBU. Azazel in SMASH. Or I'm about to see Luigi shit his pants when he sees Mega Satan



comment: Halo infinite and Minecraft



comment: Bioshock Infinite and Horizon zero dawn. Plasmids would break zero dawn.



comment: Eastward and fortnite thats a odd combo lol



comment: Hades and cathrine



comment: Fallout and minecraft. Great. Creepers are nuclear now.



comment: Maneater and Destiny, fuck yeah space sharks



comment: FH5 and…. Fh4



comment: Skyrim and predator hunting grounds



comment: Doom eternal and assassins creed origin



comment: Halo infinite and DBD



comment: Wow and Fortnite



comment: TF2 and GTA V



comment: From the depths and Binding of Isaac? I Guess Azazel's with the Lightning Hood now.



comment: Hell let loose and rising storm, nothing changes



comment: Hollow knight and for honor... so just insect themed sekiro



comment: Minecraft and borderlands 3



comment: DayZ and The Long Drive



comment: Apex and starwars battle front 2..... im gonna pathfinder grapple at a sith wraith and stab my lightsaber in her chest before she can dc



comment: Magic the gathering arena and slay the spire



comment: Elden ring and monopoly. Someone explain how they would come together



comment: Ark and fallout new Vegas



comment: For honor and siege, ubisoft just throat fucks me while i break remotes



comment: Warthunder and crossy road



comment: Pikmin and dead cells



comment: Terraria and Minecraft. Idk



comment: Evil dead and batman arkham origins



comment: Destiny 2 and Diablo Immortal…still no fucking useful loot, and now the best way to win is to pay for it…fuck



comment: Yu gi oh master duel and monster hunter rise, so still a monster based card game..



comment: Zombie Army 5 and L4D2



comment: Stranded deep and ufc 4?



comment: Elden ring and warzone



comment: Minecraft and yugioh... ill take it since it would look super cool



comment: OneShot and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. That oughta be interesting.



comment: Borderlands 2 and Midnight club LA



comment: Elden ring and battlefield 4



comment: Snowrunner and apex. "Where are yoy dropping?" "Truck horn"



comment: VTOL vr and slime rancher



comment: Uhh valorant and r6 so basically nothing changes



comment: Lolol terraria and back 4 blood.



comment: Forza and fallout



comment: mortal kombat 11 and skyrim



comment: For honor and destiny. Lame



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and Monster Hunter Rise



comment: Bloons tower defense 5 and summertime saga ;)



comment: Call of duty Cold War and hit man 2



comment: Minecraft and automation. Huh



comment: Stellaris and Hunt showdown



comment: Minecraft and Overwatch



comment: Destiny 2 and Warframe, guess I’ll farm



comment: Homie just made reign of fire



comment: Dead by daylight and runescape



comment: I think the last game I played was Csgo and destiny 2 and they’re both the worst games to get addicted to



comment: Elden ring and apex



comment: Eacape from tarkov and payday 2 huh 😏



comment: Skyrim and doom eternal



comment: Elden ring and monster hunter rise



comment: Warthunder and Fallout New Vegas?



comment: Honestly, a game where you play as a WW2 pilot or soldier fighting against medival fantasies would be dope



comment: Force unleashed and lollipop chainsaw. That would be very interesting.



comment: chivalry and RDR2, that would be a sick game actually



comment: Rimworld and new vegas



comment: b03 and elden ring shit idk about this one



comment: Amorous and csgo



comment: Minecraft and OSRS. hell. Yes.



comment: Ds3 and ds2



comment: Cyberpunk and Elden Ring



comment: Skyrim and beamng drive. I have no idea what that would be like, but I bet it would CTD every 30 seconds



comment: Eldin ring and Tiny Tina’s wonderland



comment: Weed shop 3 and Vampire Bloodhunt. Gonna be handing out joints to mortals while fighting other vampires trying to do the same



comment: Stellaris war thunder hmmm sounds pay 2 win



comment: Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020 and Kingdom Come: Deliverance? What



comment: Far cry 5 and battlefront 2



comment: Far cry 6 and slime rancher



comment: Gunner heat pc and stellaris



comment: Minecraft and tom Clancy's ghost recon.



comment: Tekken 7 and ready or not. I think bob would do great in a swat team



comment: Elden ring and Deep Rock Galactic



comment: Portal and Jackbox. Fuck knows how thatd work



comment: Path of Exile and NHL



comment: Crossout and rust. Would probably be amazing



comment: The battle cats and subnautica, the cat crusade stops for nothing not even reaper leviathans



comment: Total warhammer 3 and soul the hero slayer damn I know the hero is a strong dude but I don’t think he can handle the mosh pit of skarbrand and the bloodthirster doomstack also we need legendary Uber demons like the bloodthirster or whatever the others have



comment: Warframe + apex legends= i would play it



comment: World of Warships and War Thunder... so nothing really



comment: Ac4 and odst. Seems very atmospheric. Just not sure what the atmosphere is.



comment: Gang beasts and Minecraft



comment: War thunder and bf 4



comment: War thunder and cod zombies. That actually sounds like a blast



comment: Cod vanguard hell let loose



comment: Vermintide and For Honor



comment: Assassins creed origins and for honor. Literally just the next season of for honor



comment: Fortnite and morrowind



comment: Valhalla and Fortnite. I would honestly love a fucking viking age battle royal with only melee and bows. I miss the culling because of it



comment: Smash bros and Minecraft, which is hilarious because that’s a thing



comment: Apex and god of war



comment: Smt and Bloon tower defense



comment: Stanley Parable and Minecraft



comment: Warframe and elden ring



comment: Dungeon and Dragons online & Star Trek online, so if a dragon born and Klingon get in to it who wins?



comment: Minecraft and destiny 2. So basically Minecraft with three mod packs.



comment: Nfs 2015 and nfs heat



comment: Dont starve Together and Gold with friends, sounds unimaginably boring together



comment: cs:go and alien isolation. Man the alien gonna hate all them molly’s



comment: Days gone and cyberpunk



comment: Skyrim and a fighting game from roblox



comment: Smite and destiny 2



comment: Super auto pets and elden ring



comment: Guilty gear strive and super smash bros ultimate. Sol Badguy in smash I guess, idk how this would work.



comment: Dmc5 And Quantum Break, even more time bullshit?



comment: elden ring and danganronpa



comment: Elden ring and red dead redemption 2



comment: Destiny 2 and Elden Ring



comment: Echo VR and Overwatch



comment: GTA and Uno😳



comment: shout out to drifters with this exact scenario (and of course GATE)



comment: Minecraft and lawn mowing simulator



comment: Rocket league and draw something



comment: Metaal gear rising revengence and Kirby: The forgotten land. Hmmmmm..



comment: D2 and DMC 5



comment: Destiny + Dead Space



comment: Fallout 4 and la noire



comment: Ark and Elden Ring. I think that would be awesome.



comment: Dbd and re7



comment: Mech Warrior Online and Grounded… Honey, I shrunk the Mechs.



comment: minecraft and ac valhalla. idk



comment: Honestly that would be kinda freaking awesome to play though



comment: Deep rock galactic and no mans sky... what do I make of this?



comment: My memory fucking sucks when it comes to this. I can only ever remember the last game I played but I can’t remember what I played before it.



comment: Kenshi and mordhau



comment: Apex legends and saints row 4



comment: Tarkov and forza horizon 5...



comment: Skyrim with wwii planes and tanks n shit would be dope. Just need to be a whole new game tho not modded



comment: Bioshock and Resident Evil VIII, could have sworn there was already a resident evil underwater



comment: Star citizen and rainbow six siege, thats an odd combo.



comment: R6 and fallout. Honestly. Im bouta 2 tap that deathclaw for tking my homie doc



comment: Project Zomboid and Star Wars Empire at War? Stormtrooper Zombie Time!



comment: Tarkov and borderlands 3. Bro lets fucking do this



comment: Plants vs Zombies and Valorant



comment: Halo 3 and Doom 2016



comment: Risk of rain 2 and halo ODST



comment: Yakuza 0 and apex legends



comment: Call of Duty Waw zombies and Metal gear rising hm



comment: Oblivion and RDR2



comment: Fortnite and The Stanley Parable?



comment: Civilization 6 and resident evil 4



comment: Minecraft and gta....... Wait



comment: Fallout with Just cause 3, that sounds like fun tbh.



comment: Borderlands 2 and Elden Ring



comment: Icarus and world of warcraft.



comment: Minecraft and sims 3, so basically just sims 1...



comment: Minecraft and Uncharted



comment: Elden ring and bloodborne



comment: Vrising and skyrim. So skyrim with more vampires....shit someone call the dawn guard in



comment: Ark: survival evolved and vermintide 2.



comment: Minecraft and d.k.c



comment: Mhriss and csgo, what do i even make of this



comment: “Hunt show down and destroy all humans 2”…… I’m not sure how this is going to go “cowboy aliens”?



comment: Destiny 1 and Nier Replicant



comment: fallout 4 and just cause 3.... maybe



comment: Red dead redemption 2 with battlemechs



comment: Bioshock and Halo 2...



comment: Dark souls and legends Arceus? Thats just elden ring with pokemon.



comment: Ghostrunner and Hood: Outlaws



comment: Stellaris and Elden Ring



comment: Subnautica and Outer Worlds. Cool I guess



comment: Minecraft and for honor



comment: Deep Rock Galactic and Nail'd



comment: Farming simulator and snowrunner



comment: smash bros and minecraft... So kit pvp



comment: Sniper Elite 5 & Monster Hunter World



comment: Girls Frontline + Blue Archive, shit now all my androids are underage.



comment: Uhh RuneScape and telltale walking dead… so Minecraft story mode but RuneScape



comment: Minecraft and Arma III Mikeforce SOG



comment: Wizard 101 and Dota 2



comment: Pokemon and smashbros



comment: Civ 6 and smite. So basically just warhammer



comment: Starcraft 2 and Monster Hunter. So hunting zerg, got it



comment: Dead by daylight and no mans sky



comment: Skyrim and gta. Honestly I can see it



comment: Minecraft and R6



comment: Jurassic Park 2 and ghost recon breakpoint



comment: Battletech and halo



comment: Pokemon and terraria



comment: Diablo immortal and maneater. interesting



comment: Persona 5 and elden ring



comment: Skyrim and Garfield-cart



comment: Botw and super Mario odyssey



comment: Enter the gungeon and elden ring, dunno how these would mesh at all



comment: minecraft and farm sim idek how that would work



comment: Sea of Thieves and Minecraft



comment: Payday 2 and terraria.



comment: Chorus and Warframe



comment: Echo VR and Onward VR. pretty much just the Echo VR gun mode



comment: Wow and new world. Pretty sure that’s still just wow but worse



comment: Hmmm infamous second son/ Jedi: fallen order… these Jedi just got a hole lot more powerful



comment: Monster Hunter Rise and Mass Effect Legendary Edition



comment: Roblox slap battles and rain world



comment: Rocket Leage and GTA… yknow I think GTA already got what RL has. Failed fusion.



comment: Tales of Arise and Elden Ring. Awesome



comment: Mario strikers battle league / ff14 online



comment: Dark souls and elden ring



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and call of duty Cold War



comment: Project wingman and monster hunter



comment: Stardew Valley and Destiny. Worst grind I could imagine



comment: Minecraft and battlefield 4



comment: Elden ring and evil dead



comment: For honor, first class trouble



comment: ARK and battlefront 2, not sure how that will turn out



comment: YOU GOT A HOLE IN YOUR LEFT WING



comment: Predator hunting ground and divison 2



comment: Warframe and Dying Light 2, zombies in space and steroids



comment: Battlefield 2042 and Maneater



comment: Ygo and Pavlov interesting



comment: Grand theft Minecraft



comment: GTA V and forza. I guess gta with good driving physics.



comment: Resident evil 0 and Dante’s inferno



comment: pavlov VR and UFC



comment: For the king and rocket league gonna be a weird one



comment: Days gone fc5



comment: Elden ring and monster hunter rise... About the same I guess?



comment: Dont starve together and tf2



comment: Genshin impact and Witcher 3



comment: Sea of thieves and Apex. Idk what it’s gonna be all I know is it’s gonna be interesting af



comment: Modern warfare and FH5 so idk GTA?



comment: The last of us and dying light... parkour and clickers.



comment: Skyrim and for honor



comment: Fallout New Vegas/Saints row 2



comment: Ready or not (a swat sim) and pokemon legends @rceus??????



comment: Drug dealer simulator and bioshock.



comment: Destiny 2 and breath of the wild



comment: Elden ring and Prototype.



comment: Mount and blade banner lord with total war three kingdoms hell yeah



comment: Pokemon and mario striker



comment: Minecraft and battftont 2



comment: Jenga and cards against humanity



comment: Rogue Company and Destiny 2



comment: Gta 5 online and doom eternal



comment: Carrion and Clone Drone in the Damger Zone..... I don't know what that would even look like.



comment: Fortnite and halo mcc…huh



comment: The witcher 3 and no mans sky - the wild cosmic hunt



comment: Farming sim 22 and Destiny 2



comment: HOI4 and Elden Ring



comment: Just cause 3 and some sort of idle game… I get to pay for a Michael bay movie



comment: Sniper Elite 5 and Halo



comment: The Arkham games and…Pokemon??? 🤣 I’m just imagining Bruce running around, pulling batarangs and Pokeballs out of his belt in equal measure, desperately trying to catch a Noivern.



comment: Red dead 2 and yugioh duel link. This should be interesting lol



comment: Leauge of legends and Maneater, What



comment: Last of us and goat simulator



comment: Mordhau and rocket league I don't think that would work



comment: That is actually correct



comment: Gta and batman arkham knight



comment: Balloons tower defense and sea of thieves



comment: Deep rock galactic and destiny 2. I don’t know how to feel about that.



comment: Elden ring and Rocket League?



comment: Mine was Minecraft in war zone and I'm pissed off because that's just fortnite



comment: Dead by daylight and Elden Ring



comment: Left 4 dead and red dead redemption. Literally just undead nightmare



comment: Forza 4 and leaf blower



comment: Animation Throwdown/ Fortnite.



comment: Tiny tina's wonderland and ninja gaiden sigma.



comment: destiny 2 and chivalry 2… how would that even turn out



comment: Minecraft / Alien Isolation. Funny, wonder how that would work...



comment: Minecraft and subway surfers. Sounds about right



comment: Elden ring RuneScape



comment: Rocket league and Bloons Tower Defense



comment: Battlefield 4 and minecraft, so it just turns into fortnite...



comment: Siege and Sea Of Thieves



comment: Ghost of tshumia and fallout 4....yknow what? Samurai in power armor sounds bad ass im fown



comment: Roblox and Generation Zero



comment: Elden ring and cyberpunk. That would be fun



comment: Smite and dark souls 3



comment: Rdr2 and pokemon go



comment: Mass effect dead by daylight



comment: Minecraft and Trove… hm.



comment: The Quarry and Dead by Daylight. So Dbd with werewolves and more players.



comment: overwatch/for honor



comment: FFXV and eldin ring, ITS FUCKIN HONDA ACCORD TIME BABY!



comment: Sucker punch was a great movie though



comment: Fortnite and Roblox



comment: 40k Inquisitor Martyr and Mechwarrior 5. Hell yeah Imperial knight/titan battle mech sim. That'd be so awesome



comment: apex legends and civ?



comment: Dark Souls 1 and Dark Souls 3... Im fucked



comment: Skyrim and Titanfall 2



comment: Elden ring and gta 5



comment: No chance I was just playing both of those today.



comment: Rocket league and apex, what would that be?



comment: Halo infinite and rocket league



comment: Borderlands 2 and dead by daylight 🤣🤣



comment: Pokemon and Castlevania



comment: Minecraft and Ace Combat....



comment: Elden ring and fortnite



comment: The cycle and v rising



comment: Days gone and fortnite



comment: Banjo-Kazooie and Super Mario World



comment: GtaV and SCP:CB. How would it even work



comment: Terraria and Elden Ring. Did anything change?



comment: BTD 6 and MW2019



comment: Total war warhammer 2 and the Quarry



comment: Minecraft and God of War 4. Not sure what I just created.



comment: Rdr2 and metal gear rising revengence



comment: Elden Ring and Skyrim, hmm, so either an easier Elden ring or a more difficult Skyrim. Neato



comment: Warframe and stellaris



comment: Elden ring/PGA tour 2k21



comment: GTA 5 and Dark Souls Remastered??



comment: Doom and demon slayer. Dude that would be metal as fuck!!



comment: Diablo and apex



comment: Chivalry 2 and Left 4 Dead 2



comment: Minecraft and star citizen



comment: Fallout NV and FS22. So fallout NV with cars and settlement building



comment: Minecraft and Forza Horizon. I gate that's an actual possibility for a DLC.



comment: Metal gear rising and the binding of isaac



comment: Star wars fallen order, ready or not



comment: Roblox doodle world and the evil dead game oh shit



comment: Elden Ring and Destiny 2, so a Fromsoft game with guns.



comment: Elden ring and titanfall 2



comment: Clone Drone in the Danger Zone and Doom eternal. Has potential



comment: That would be bad ass imo, as for me sniper elite 5 and mankind odyssey if i remember right



comment: Naruto shinobi strikers and roller champions....fuck yeah roller ninjutsu



comment: Touhou and League of Legends



comment: Minecraft and Deep Rock Galactic



comment: Fallout NV and Ark, blowing dinos and beasts apart with lever action rifles



comment: R6 siege and clash of clans



comment: Fire emblem and fallout 4, so fallout tactics



comment: War thunder and Ark survival... I would play the fuck outta a gane like that



comment: Cars Mator national and hot wheels unleashed



comment: Doom eternal and stalker



comment: God of war and spongebob battle for bikini bottom



comment: I’m confused how this on will work but the last stand and chorus.



comment: Doom eterinal and risk of rain 2 would be an odd fusion



comment: Skyrim/ monster hunter world



comment: Elden ring and legends arceus?



comment: Minecraft and roblox



comment: Dying light 2 and siege



comment: Elite dangerous / Dead Space... Oh boy



comment: Destiny 2 and Wolfenstein 2



comment: Banner lord Skyrim, 😈 I’m ready for the crashes and bugs



comment: Elden ring and ghost recon



comment: CS and Tarkov?



comment: Dying light and rdr2 so basically undead nightmare



comment: Sniper Elite V and Hell Let Loose. So just WW2



comment: Elden ring/pokemon legends Arceus



comment: Bruh, not much of a difference between pokemon mystery dungeon and pokemon shield



comment: Gta5 and Ghost Recon Wildlands nothing really different except a crazy maniac named Trevor would be taking out the Santa Blanca Cartel



comment: Minecraft and skyrim



comment: Gta botw what the hell



comment: Stardew and chivalry 2



comment: Slime rancher and My Friend Pedro, curious to see how that turns out



comment: Ready or not and stellaris. I cant comprehend what that would look like



comment: Echo 216: “Chief we need to go home!!” Master Chief: “There won’t be a home if we don’t stop Alduin the World Eater.”



comment: No man’s sky and Fortnite



comment: Eldon ring and Mass effect.



comment: Persona 4 and yakuza



comment: Wolfenstein and Minecraft



comment: Conan exiles and elden ring. So survival elden ring. Pretty good



comment: Skyrim and Fallout 4



comment: Knowing warthunder your shots will bounce and the dragon will throw some dust at you and bam crew knocked out



comment: Okay but can we talk about how awesome it would be to play a game where you're dogfighting in WW2 era fighters against mf dragons??



comment: Gta v and red dead 2?



comment: Dead Cells and Elden Ring.



comment: Valorant and yugioh?



comment: Elden ring and League of legends



comment: Battlefield 4 and Pokemon X



comment: Elden ring and Skyrim



comment: Monster hunter world and arma 3



comment: Destiny 2 and Hearthstone….odd combo



comment: Elden Ring and Chivalry. Pretty good, ngl



comment: Do it that would so fucking kool



comment: Rocket league and cold war ?



comment: Wargame Red Dragon and Nioh. Samurai riding tanks into battle sounds pretty dope ngl



comment: Mass Effect 1 & Minecraft



comment: Hearts of Iron lV and GTA 5



comment: growtopia and doom



comment: Minecraft creative mode/ animal crossing



comment: Fighting dragons in fighter jets is a pretty good game idea



comment: Red dead 2 and fallout 3



comment: Persona 5 and Stardew valley



comment: Insurgency: Sandstorm and Sims 4



comment: My god elden ring and vermintide 2 please send help



comment: Minecraft and Diablo



comment: Minecraft and civ lol



comment: Rust and rust



comment: Dragon Quest 8 and Castlevania SoTN... Uhhhhh



comment: Destiny 2 and Final Fantasy 14. The game I've always wanted



comment: Hunt showdown and apex legend later



comment: Hay day + war thunder



comment: NHL 22 and Payday 2



comment: Skyrim and battle block theater



comment: Gta v and elden ring



comment: I'd play that



comment: Minecraft and Clash of Clans



comment: Titanfall 2 and Minecraft



comment: Mass Effect 1 and For Honor



comment: Skyrim and the sims



comment: Fallout 4 and Kingdom Come Deliverance



comment: Devil May Cry 5 and Star Wars KOTOR



comment: Elden ring and warthunder



comment: Dishonored 2 and mw battle royal



comment: Smite and Microsoft flight sim. I dont even know where to begin with that one.



comment: Cyberpunk and overwatch…



comment: Skyrim and south park the fractured but whole



comment: Destiny 2 and JJBA Eyes of Heaven… what in the hell



comment: Skyrim + everspace 2 = starfield



comment: Halo wars 2 and evil dead



comment: Sifu and darksouls 3



comment: Minecraft and roblox, idek what to say



comment: Squad and metro🤔



comment: Red dead redemption and Ninja Gaiden



comment: Genshin Impact and Leg of Leg



comment: GTAV and Uno



comment: R6 and final fantasy 12



comment: apex and duke nukem



comment: Elden ring and lego star wars? LETS FUCKING GO!!!!



comment: Elite Dangerous and Modern Warfare



comment: Doom and Halo



comment: War Thunder and DCS World, so DCS World with 1000+ vehicles and a arcade mode, also a option to be ”100% free”



comment: Dead by daylight and borderlands 3



comment: Tarkov and csgo



comment: Apex and minecraft, i made fornite but M for Mature



comment: What is that clip at the bottom



comment: Horizon forbidden west and Apex Legends



comment: Red Dead 2 & Nier Replicant v1.6



comment: Doom and resident evil 6



comment: Pokemon colosseum and fe warriors 3 hopes demo



comment: 7 days to die and H3VR



comment: Team Fortress 2 and War thunder



comment: Smite and domina



comment: Gang beasts in Elden ring I don't think that would mesh well



comment: Doom (1993) and Super monkey ball...



comment: Smite and siege... I dont even know where to begin with this one



comment: Star wars battlefront 2 and Slime Rancher..?



comment: Battlefield 1 and For Honor. Well I guess since pirate got added, I’m sure more guns will too



comment: 2k and apex?



comment: Pokemon and Potioncraft



comment: Elden ring, and minecraft... Godrick's face when i nerd pole and just hit him from above.



comment: Dying Light 1 and Metro Exodus



comment: Dying Light and Titanfall. Zombies with pilots and Titans and now dealing with virals that have jumpkits and and enhanced strength



comment: Death road to Canada and apex legends. zombie battle royale



comment: Red Dead Redemption 2 and Borderlands 2. Man, gimme a western themed borderlands game and TAKE MY MONEY



comment: Jurrassic world evolution and ark... actually mixes pretty well!



comment: Modern Tetris and retro Galaga



comment: Ratchet and clank and republic commando



comment: 2k and rust I’ll be crossing up nakeds on the beach



comment: Lego star wars and COD zombies



comment: Stardew valley and skyrim



comment: Shyrim adds building or fortnite adds skyrim skins



comment: Do the glitches of skrim fuse with the game or do they get fixed?



comment: Apex and elden ring



comment: Rainbow six extraction and bloons td6



comment: Skyrim and War Thunder would be kinda epic. Imagine cutting lose a fucking AIM9L on a dragon



comment: Barotrauma and Space Engineers.



comment: Far cry 6 and skyrim



comment: God of war and DBFZ



comment: Pvz garden warfare 2 and overwatch, call me cringe I don’t care



comment: Skyrim and borderlands 2



comment: Fallout and 7 days to die. Not much change honestly.



comment: Shadow of mordor and mount and blade bannerlord



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and street fighter Alpha 3



comment: Project Zomboid and teardown



comment: Been playing a lot of monster Hunter recently. Not sure what the other game is since it’s been a minute but it’s either warframe, Skyrim, or pokemon. All of which are kinda dope options.



comment: Cyberpunk and eldenring



comment: Overwatch and siege



comment: Dark Souls 3 and Super Smash Bros Ultimate



comment: Warframe and Terraria lmao



comment: Fortnite and elden ring



comment: rocket league and minecraft



comment: Hitman 2 homefront



comment: Stardew valley and war thunder



comment: Elden Ring and Modern Warfare. Time for some bosses to eat lead!



comment: Red Dead 2 and Minecraft. Could be fun



comment: The Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword and Dark Souls III



comment: So lair? The worst game I’ve ever played. Got it



comment: MGRR and Subnautica…sooooo…Raiden fights Cthulhu?



comment: Back 4 Blood and Doom Eternal



comment: Cooking Madness and Minecraft. I could live with that.



comment: Both bioshock one and two. Sooo



comment: Dead by daylight and maneater? Shit that actually sounds kinda cool



comment: Destiny 2 and fallout 76 i mean they allready have there similarities



comment: Chernobylite and fifa. Huh



comment: Skul the hero slayer and c.a.t.s, I’m guessing building a skeleton with machinery and constant upgrades



comment: Dark souls 3 + Ghost of Tsushima = Sekiro



comment: Fallout new Vegas and fallout 3 already spliced together so no change



comment: The Quarry & Yakuza: Like A Dragon



comment: Insurgency and Enlisted



comment: Metal Gear Rising and Forza Horizon 5



comment: Monster Hunter World and Assassins Creed Valhalla



comment: Skyrim and Peglin? Can I alchemy glitch the pegs?



comment: Bioshock and TF2



comment: GTA V and Ghost of Tsushima. I'm sickened, but curious.



comment: Chivalry 2 and V rising. Gonna play a paladin summoningbthe light of the sun to fight the vamps



comment: Dark souls and monster hunter



comment: Dead Space and State Of Decay 2. Guess its a necromorph apacolypse now.



comment: Rdr2 and Diablo 3



comment: Bottom one would basically be century



comment: If you kinda want that without the modern aircraft play Century Age of Ashes it’s a F2P game it’s pretty fun kinda hard though



comment: Skyrim and Forza Horizon 5



comment: Ghost recon breakpoint. MX Bikes. Huh.



comment: Pokemon Legends and APEX. Idk what is gonna be happening.



comment: Call of duty and knights of pen and paper. How do those two mix?



comment: The hunter call of the wild and valorant



comment: Phasmophobia and DBD. Basically just playing against spirit



comment: Runescape and pokemon brilliant diamond. Im all for a pokemon mmo



comment: Dark souls 2 and lego star wars



comment: Beam ng and moonbase alpha not shitting you



comment: Xcom and Skyrim



comment: Dead By Daylight,Brawlhalla?



comment: Assassin’s Creed Syndicate and Fortnite



comment: Minecraft and Among Us.



comment: Skyrim and stellaris



comment: Elden Ring and CoD



comment: GTA and terraria... Doesn't seem like it would be good at all



comment: No man’s sky and Titian fall2



comment: Looks like I'm playing "Lego Minecraft : Star Wars Edition"



comment: Plants 🌱 vs zombies 🧟‍♀️ and shadow of war( lord of the rings)



comment: Remnant from the ashes and elden ring



comment: Half Life Alyx and GTA 5



comment: Terrible but dead by daylight and wwe 2k22



comment: Ultimate epic battle simulator & tarkov



comment: Destiny 2 and the walkjng dead



comment: Watch dogs and Arma reforger.



comment: Elden ring and minecraft, huh i wonder what that would be like



comment: Battlefield 1 and dayz



comment: Destiny 2 and runescape



comment: Outriders and chivalry ll



comment: Geometry Dash and Doom, uh oh



comment: Ark and Destiny



comment: WoW and little witch in the woods



comment: FarCry 5 and the new Lego Star Wars… hmm…



comment: Star Citizen and Space Hulk: Deathwing. LETS GOOOO



comment: Earth Defense Force 5 and Risk of Rain 2



comment: Horizon Zero Dawn and Destiny 2....... not sure how I feel about this



comment: Ghost of Tsushima, and House of Ashes. Great, Japanese demons



comment: He did WHAT to the sky?



comment: Lego Star Wars and elden ring



comment: As a WT player I kinda wanna have that problem tbh think about it your ass in a b17 flying back home and you got a fuckin dragon on your ass



comment: R6S and Ghost Recon: Wildlands. Made by the same developer so not much changed



comment: Warthunder and scp secret lab



comment: Elden ring and borderlands 2



comment: team fortress 2 and world of tanks?



comment: Apex and hell let loose



comment: Ark and Assassins Creed Odyssey…idk how well this will turn out



comment: Assassin's creed and Hitman.....so basically the same thing



comment: Ninja gaiden sigma and red dead 1



comment: Ranch sim and Monster Hunter World, I'd pay hella bucks for a game like that



comment: Well thats fucking creepy, but ill call it coincidence just this once.



comment: Modern warfare and jurrasic world evolution 2



comment: Runescape and Brilliant Diamond would be a weird combo



comment: Snowrunner and State of Decay 2



comment: Monster Hunter Rise and Infamous Second Son.



comment: VrChat and Chess. I was literally playing Chess in VrChat how is this fair?



comment: Insurgency and Age of Ashes. Delta force gets to ride dragons



comment: Bloodborne and subnautica. I think id have a heart attack



comment: Jurassic world evolution 2 and Elden rings actually sounds really cool



comment: V rising and star citizen. Space vampires



comment: Halo infinite and Subnautica



comment: God of war and satisfactory. Not sure how that would work out



comment: Azur lane and jedi fallen order hmmmm boats with lightsabers



comment: rainbow six siege and elden ring. oh god the most infuriating thing i can imagine



comment: Monster Hunter and Beat Saber?



comment: Valorant and far cry 4



comment: Overwatch and fallout 4



comment: No Mans Sky and Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot



comment: Doesn't minecraft and warzone just equal fortnite



comment: Funny enough it is skyrim and batman arkham knight



comment: Fallen order and Deadpoly. low poly Star Wars?



comment: Forgive me father and dread templar... Welp im fucked



comment: Stalker anomaly and Project Zomboid.



comment: BeamNG.drive And GTA V Online, not a bad combination...right?!....



comment: Final Fantasy XIV and Sekiro



comment: Elden Ring and Witcher 3.



comment: Cyberpunk and Elden Ring lmfao. Boutta pull up to Margitt with Johnny’s legendary revolver and turn his kneecaps into a red mist



comment: Elden ring and war thunder.



comment: Battlefront 2 (2016) and Project Zomboid. So that one comic called "Death Troopers"?



comment: Gta 5 and cod WW2 sounds fun



comment: Destiny 2 and dragon ball fighterZ. New crucible game mode I guess



comment: Fallout 4 and ark survival(ark is free on steam rn) so I guess apocalypse dinosaurs



comment: Hollow knight &remnant:from the ashes



comment: Borderlands 2 and Pokemon emerald



comment: Nioh 2 and Monster hunter... nothing really changed



comment: Assassins Creed 2 and cooking mama



comment: Superhot and among us. I’m not even sure how that would work.



comment: Rocket league and smite



comment: Battlefield 1 and tetris, ???



comment: Bo3 zombies and rust



comment: No lie that would be a fun game. A fighter pilot vs dragons game



comment: GTA and chivalry 2, sounds fun.



comment: Siege and slay the spire..?



comment: Minecraft and siege



comment: Civ V and Oblivion



comment: Sea of Thieves and Battlefield 5. Honestly sounds fun



comment: Destiny and diabo immortal



comment: Fallout 4 and NV



comment: Fallout New Vegas and Crossout



comment: Elden ring and battlefront 2



comment: Elden apex.. it could actually be interesting. Imagine clrearing a squad then you hear "foul tarnished" from the shadows



comment: RE0 and Left 4 dead 2. The worst apocalypse



comment: Siege and rust. Yes I know



comment: Dead by daylight and for honor. Hm



comment: Phasmophobia and vermintide 2



comment: Apex and terraria



comment: dark souls remastered and apex legends



comment: Minecraft and cod 2019 cant wait till i get cross mapped by a pc sweat through a quarter of a block



comment: Overwatch and League of Legends



comment: Woah red dead 2 and fallout NV



comment: That would be dope



comment: Dreadhalls and beatsaber... both are vr



comment: Halo infinite and gang beasts. Sounds fun af.



comment: AssassinsCreed Valhalla and fifa 😂💀



comment: Apex legends and super smash bros. Its be lit



comment: Cyberpunk 2077 and Destiny 2



comment: century age of ashes?



comment: Wateland 3 and gta 5



comment: Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door and Space Pinball.



comment: Minecraft and for honor. How would that even work?



comment: War Thunder and fallout



comment: She played with my emotions and sanity. What that get me?



comment: Aven colony and fallout.....damn im getting Starfield early lol



comment: Skyrim and apex.



comment: Risk of rain 2 and fortnite



comment: Warhammer 40K Mechanicus and Smash bros



comment: Rdr2 and For Honor



comment: Minecraft and Elden Ring



comment: Gmod and hoi4



comment: Destiny and Minecraft...seems badass.



comment: Clash royal and dragon city. I don’t think I’m that fucked



comment: Minecraft and monster hunter. So just Minecraft with difficult mods?



comment: I mean that is the best combo i have seen and i 100% would buy that with almost no questions asked.



comment: shadow of war and battlefield 1



comment: Rocket league and pga tour? Car golf?



comment: Fighting Jetstream Sam in an arma 3 sandbox lobby



comment: Crusader Kings and Star Wars BF2 2017, sounds kinda lit ngl lemme conquer the galaxy as a Sith Lord



comment: Elden ring and Cod



comment: Battlefield 4 and Division 2. Thatd be pretty cool



comment: BO3 and Assassin's Creed Odyssey



comment: Halo and Elden ring. O h n o



comment: Sekiro and dead by daylight



comment: Warthunder and enlisted, basically nothing changes



comment: Saints Row and Dead Space



comment: Fallout 4 and Apex



comment: Overwatch and Titanfall 2. How does this work



comment: star wars battlefront II and Fallout 4



comment: Insurgency sandstorm and conqerors blade



comment: Destiny 2 and PUBG



comment: Apex legends and egg inc



comment: Cod mobile x animal crossing



comment: Warframe and Fire Emblem: Three Hopes



comment: Destiny 2 and Pokemon Reborn. Team Meteor would join Calus to harness Arceus for the Pyramids



comment: War thunder and OSU it sounds so much worse when I say it out loud



comment: Rust and grounded



comment: Stalker Anomaly and Stalker CoP. So just stalker but with extra cancer



comment: For honor and fortnite. Great. Gotta watch some knight beat the shit out of a building



comment: Grounded and rust?



comment: Forza horizon 4 and Ghost recon wildlands, so basically gta in Bolivia



comment: I’ve played nothing but Borderlands games for the last three years, so....



comment: Gta and ark



comment: Monster Hunter world and Smash?



comment: So monster hunter and saints row 4? I now have mental image of a hunter super jumping with a greatsword and just chopping a rathians head off



comment: Tarkov and blade and sorcery



comment: No mans sky + fnv



comment: Madden and Forza. So fused basically makes rocket league in nfl mode?



comment: Mario Kart 8 deluxe and Pokemon Y



comment: Mario Strikers and Red Dead Redemption 2... looks like Dutch found another plan to make some money and the gang is off to mushroom kingdom



comment: Botw and rdr 2, shits gonna be wild



comment: Destiny 2 and ARK



comment: Hunt showdown and Trepang2, that's a trip



comment: Skyrim and sonic forces



comment: For Honor and Tarkov



comment: Ark and apex



comment: Subnautica and dying light 2



comment: Heavenly bodies and gmod



comment: Mgs5 and stardew valley. Miller, ocelot, and I are finally settling down on the farm



comment: cyberpunk and star citizen. nice.



comment: Wrath of the Righteous and For Honor. Would probably be more enjoyable than either one separately



comment: Kindoms of amalur and elden ring



comment: Need For Speed and Forza Horizon…



comment: Enter the gungeon and elden ring



comment: Apex legends and beyond all reason, weird.



comment: Punishing Gray Raven and Yakuza 3, well this is gonna be interesting



comment: Call of duty , minecraft



comment: Void Bastards and Embodiment of Scarlet Devil. What the fuck.



comment: Rocket league and Teken



comment: Dreadnought and halo



comment: Rainbow Six and Dead by Daylight



comment: Project wingman and GTAV



comment: Payday 2 and Project Wingman



comment: Fallout 76 with wonderlands...omg...make this game!



comment: Chivalry 2 and dayZ. So medevil zombies



comment: Elden Ring and Expedition: Rome



comment: Elite dangerous + skyrim = starfield?



comment: Dead island riptide and skyrim



comment: Eft and the cycle



comment: Minecraft and mass effect



comment: Ok, have to say it, lightnings thighs are better than tiffas tits



comment: Terraria and the sims 3



comment: Binding of Isaac and Gunfire reborn



comment: Soldier of Fortune + Pokemon GO



comment: Dishonored and dishonored 2



comment: Destiny and fallout. So just destiny with golden oldies and americana



comment: Modern Warfare and Outer Worlds



comment: vampyr and god of war



comment: BTD6 and Destiny 2. The cabal have become monkeys



comment: Back 4 blood and dayz



comment: Spider-Man and elden ring



comment: Halo 3 and left for dead 2



comment: Destiny 2 and Skyrim. THE FUCKING LOORRREEEE



comment: For honor and.. blade and sorcery nomad



comment: Mlb the Show / Sniper Elite 4…oh boy



comment: Fallout 4 and Chivalry 2. Interesting combo



comment: Skyrim SE and Bloons TD 6.



comment: Project Wingman and Fallout. That's a lot of apocalypse



comment: For honor and fortnite. Pretty strange combination



comment: Idk wtf S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and ghost of tshushima are gonna make but believe me i am fuckin curious



comment: Battlefield V and Crusader Kings 3 …



comment: Fucking borderland pre-sequal and smash bros ultimate



comment: Elden ring and GTA



comment: Terraria and overwatch



comment: elden ring and siege? i think ill pass



comment: A B24 would turn a dragon into goo.



comment: Hollow Knight and Lego Star Wars



comment: Doom eternal and mario kart 64. Doomkarternal? Id play it



comment: Elden ring and red dead 2



comment: Pokemon moon and minecraft so pixlemon



comment: Minecraft and Forza Horizon 5



comment: The Quarry and Until Dawn. Pretty much just the same fuckin game



comment: Dark souls 3 and dark souls 2 there’s basically nothing happened



comment: V rising and diablo..... a whole lot of magic, blood, and loot!



comment: No man's sky and Cyberpunk



comment: Paladins and guitar hero 3?



comment: Arma 3 and 7 days to die. So literally dayZ but with better graphics



comment: Runescape and tarkov



comment: League and clash royal



comment: Microsoft Flight Sim and Jurassic World Evolution



comment: Payday 2 and wolfenstien, oh dear fuckin god its just raid but better



comment: Dauntless and Terraria



comment: Escape From Tarkov and For Honor



comment: Apex legends + runescape. Which is just last man standing in runescape



comment: World of warships and Diablo 2 resurrected, how do I even remotely combine these



comment: Pokemon and Witcher 3. Shits about to get interesting



comment: Darkwood and Pathologic 2. Pain simulator has been acquired :)



comment: Dying Light 2 and Kingdom Come Deliverance



comment: Insurgency Sandstorm and Surviving Mars



comment: Apex and maneater



comment: The Stanley parable ultra deluxe and the Ezio collection



comment: Eve online and smash bros



comment: Smite and Minecraft



comment: Elden Kart? Someone wanna get on that?



comment: Call of duty and Forza horizon



comment: Stellaris and CoH2



comment: Battlefield 1 and even more battlefield 1



comment: Vermintide 2 and elden ring?



comment: Gta 5 and subnautica



comment: Tarkov and arma? Holeeeeeeee



comment: Elden ring and.. lobotomy corporation? Either studying each enemy or fighting all the anomalies in an open world



comment: Borderlands 2 and battlefront 2 could be a worse mesh



comment: Back 4 Blood and Man Eater



comment: devil may cry 5 and kingdom hearts 2. So i get to add DmC characters to kingdom hearts. I want the cutscene of Dante vs Cloud(Dante wins)



comment: Deep rock galatic and pokemon unite



comment: Geometry Dash and Destiny 2.



comment: Warframe and apex



comment: Payday 2 and bps (borderlands the pre sequence)



comment: Fallout 4 and For honor



comment: Minecraft and insurgency sandstorm



comment: Dark souls 3, stardew valley



comment: Minecraft and dead cells



comment: Minecraft and destiny 2....interesting



comment: Terraria and valorant



comment: Minecraft and For Honor?



comment: Dragon riding fire fighting game



comment: Ror 2 and league



comment: Dirt rally 2 and subnautica



comment: War Thunder just added the F-14 dragon gonna get clapped from outside visible range



comment: So war thunder and dead island don’t know how that’s goes



comment: Valorant and devour. I wonder what tgat would look like.



comment: Wargroove and league



comment: Stellaris and Enlisted



comment: Ok ok this is gonna be odd but dream daddy x overwatch



comment: An average looking war simulator, but somewhere half way through you find dragons



comment: Skyrim and destiny 2



comment: Warzone and Spore



comment: Yugioh+ eldenring= the real shadow games begin



comment: The tarnished will be the new dlc smash character



comment: Does mobile platform count or just pc and console?



comment: Zero dawn and animal crossing



comment: KCD and Lost Ruins



comment: Story of Seasons and Civilization, so...I guess I'm just an NPC farmer.



comment: Mindustry and Monster Hunter I believe



comment: Fortnite and DOOM? Hmmmm



comment: Destiny and deep rock galactic



comment: Rainbow 6 siege and the original god of war.



comment: Fallout 4 and enlisted



comment: Terraria and Destiny 2. Completely open world survival game with destiny enemies? Or would it be like destinies map but bossss actually have a story but are terraria enemies? God it would be a mess



comment: Oh god no fortnite and battlefield 2042



comment: Dawn of war and destiny



comment: Red dead 2 and elden ring, so basically Bloodborne



comment: Apex and sekiro



comment: Assassins creed valhalla and destiny 2



comment: Ark and marvel vs capcom 3



comment: factorio and planetside 2



comment: Elite dangerous and Arma



comment: Fallout 76 amd r6



comment: Man eater and Destiny. Oh god



comment: The Lego Star Wars saga and rocket league



comment: Ghost recon breakpoint and squad



comment: Resident Evil 5 and Rockband



comment: Madden 08 and red dead 2



comment: Modded Minecraft (compact claustrophobia) and planet side 2 (mmo fps with infantry, vehicles, and air on one massive map. Much bigger than battlefield). So giant fps with both guns and building in a tiny 3x3x3 area?



comment: CoD and SWTOR. So basically Star Wars battlefront set in old republic era



comment: Minecraft aaaand deep rock galactic



comment: Destiny 2 and halo



comment: Sea of thieves and no man’s sky



comment: Bo2 zombies and gta 5 hell yeah



comment: GTA and A Dance of Fire and Ice



comment: Barotrauma and elden ring. Dont.



comment: Mass effect legendary edition and XCOM 2.



comment: Destiny 2 and Binding of Issac



comment: Destiny 2 and BTD6



comment: Hell Let Loose and Elden Ring. Sounds awful. But I'd still play it



comment: GTA and trailmakers. The fucking dream bro



comment: Doom and Diablo? Wait what?



comment: Battlefield 4 and this one. Guess it'll be a modern vs future tech war



comment: Outward and for honor



comment: Sw Battlefront 2 and Brawlhalla



comment: Gta online and assassin creed Valhalla



comment: Stellaris and ni no Kuni 2



comment: Valheim and r6siege. How does that work?



comment: Dayz and destiny 2, interesting mix



comment: Fallout 4 and forza 5 so just cross out



comment: Fortnite and Destiny 2. That would be great. I already fuck up and go to build in Destiny only to realize mid fight I can’t so fuck it



comment: Mario kart 8 and breath of the wild. There’s already a crossover there soo



comment: League of Legends (this is a cry for help) and Phasmophobia. Interesting



comment: Doom eternal and monster hunter world, hunting demons with bigger weapons and more gore



comment: Skyrim and pokemon emerald. So basically it merges into a hoenn version of pokemon arceus (pokemon rayquaza?!)



comment: Borderlands 3 and pavlov VR



comment: Sniper elite 5 and prototype.



comment: Resident evil 1-8 and Friday the 13th



comment: Elder Scrolls: Blades and Jedi: Fallen Order



comment: FFXIV and Deep Rock Galactic. I don't even know how those combine



comment: Fortnite and Resident Evil 8



comment: Duck Game and Warhammer 2



comment: Hatred and My Summer Car



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and Bloodborne



comment: Ace Combat 7 and Fallout New Vegas



comment: CSGO and Fortnite, so better COD warzone



comment: Pubg and Pokemon Arceus that would be such a weird combo



comment: Skyrim and Farming simulator



comment: Elden ring and Jurassic world Lego game…



comment: For honor and battlefield 1



comment: Elden ring and subway surfer. You still run thru the subway but instead of a cop, Malenia is behind you



comment: Ace combat and la noire. I’m curious. Wtf would that even be?



comment: Resident evil Village and 2nd to last was my son playing ScooterFlow. Lmfao odd combo



comment: Skyrim se and Dead Cells .. .Groovy



comment: Elden ring and for honor



comment: Monster Hunter World and Dragons Dogma. Not much difference honestly.



comment: For honor cs:go a mass of toxicity to dense no light can escape



comment: Need for speed heat and resident evil 4



comment: Dead by Daylight and Witcher 3



comment: Wizard 101 and horizon zero dawn



comment: Elden ring and... g-getting over it with bennet foddy... lord help me...



comment: Rocket league and Minecraft



comment: BeamNG.drive and Borderlands Pre Sequel.



comment: BTD6 and Warthunder



comment: War thunder and enlisted. Nothing changed



comment: Ghosts of Tsushima and Elden Ring.



comment: For honor and greed fall.



comment: Pokemon and borderlands



comment: Kerbal space program and civ 6



comment: Bloons tower defence 6 and minecraft



comment: League of legends and total war shogun 2…..cringe



comment: Kingdom come deliverance and the witcher 3



comment: Red dead 2 and farcry 5



comment: ROCK AND STONE AND SANDVICH



comment: Skyrim and Stardew Valley. So basically Skyrim but with farming



comment: Ori: The Blind Forest and Gang Beasts?



comment: Elden ring and back 4 blood



comment: Sun Haven and Mortal Kombat. Um....



comment: Stardew Valley and Kingdom Come: Deliverance



comment: Destiny 2 and Naruto Ninja Storm 4.



comment: Apex and battlefront



comment: Skyrim and Pokemon. I’m the Dragonite Born!



comment: Ghost Recon Break Point and Horizon Forbidden West, gonna show those machines how we kicked it back in the day



comment: Pokemon and far cry 6 lol oh god 😂



comment: Tarkov and fallout 4



comment: AmnesiacAuthor Elden Ring and DGF



comment: Some gatcha rdr2 game



comment: Roblox and phas. Literally just a shittier version of phas



comment: No Man's Sky and Bioshock Infinite... figure that one out for me



comment: Ark and skyrim



comment: Deep rock galactic x Slay the Spire... wtf?



comment: Chivalry 2 and Destiny 2



comment: Elden ring and minecraft, so basically a easier more kid friendly elden ring



comment: Middle earth shadow of war and Minecraft, so i guess just Minecraft with the nemesis system.



comment: Dead by daylight halo



comment: Horizon: Forbidden West and Jurassic World: Evolution 2



comment: So... reign of fire.



comment: I miss Gears of War



comment: is that the ending of battle tendency



comment: Minecraft dunfeons and minecraft. Pretty sweeeeeeet



comment: Elden ring and animal crossing



comment: Breath of the wild and diablo immortal



comment: Dragon Ball XenoVerse 2 and Sunset Overdrive. Sounds fun enough.



comment: Minelife mine craft and bit life



comment: Elden ring and Mount and blade warband. Sounds like an rpg of the shattering



comment: Crusader Kings 3 and Battlefield 1 🤯



comment: Nuclear throne and sea of thieves. Goofy ass combination



comment: Planet zoo and Skyrim



comment: Assassin’s Creed Brotherhood and Battlefield 1



comment: Deep rock galactic and Sea of Theives ..... Soacer pirate time!



comment: Portal 2 and Undertale.. What



comment: Elden Ring and Doom Eternal



comment: Red dead 2 and chivalry 2. Cowboys and knight finna square up



comment: Destiny 2 and Pokemon Go



comment: Project wingman and ace combat 7



comment: Skyrim + Homeworld, dunno how thatll go down



comment: Red dead rededption 2 and subnautica so I guess waterworld



comment: Left for dead and Crysis. Be interesting for sure



comment: Pokemon Arceus and The Stanley Parable, fuck no lol



comment: Bloodborne and for honor



comment: Monster hunter Rise and left for dead 2. What the hell does this make



comment: Elden ring and destiny. Im fucked



comment: Warframe and Project zomboid, sweet just a new weak enemy class



comment: Hyrule Warriors and Kirby Star Allies



comment: Fallout and dnd



comment: War thunder and world of tanks how would this be good



comment: Pavlov and VR chat. Kinda the same thing



comment: Pokemon and Wheel of Fortune



comment: Factorio and MTGA. Gonna nuke some goblins



comment: Call duty and elden ring



comment: So reign of fire?



comment: Skate 3 and call of duty MW 1



comment: Csgo and skyrim,



comment: Uno and The Walking Dead Saints and Sinners.



comment: Skyrim and Deadwood Mansion



comment: Payday 2 and dead by daylight… would the heisters be in the entity’s realm, or would it be something else?



comment: Splinter Cell and Apex



comment: Project zomboid and total war empire? a isometric zombie game set in the 1700s sounds idk



comment: Raft and phasmophobia



comment: Ghost of Tsushima and rocket league. Huh…would be a weird ass but really cool game.



comment: Ss13 and ready or not



comment: Valhalla harvest moon...hahaha



comment: Elden Ring and God of War... Elden Ring just got a lot easier.



comment: Destiny 2 and persona 5 strikers. We kinda entered savathun's palace in witch queen, so I guess that crossover is slightly less strange than it sounds. Still a weird mix.



comment: FF 7 Remake and Horizon Forbidden West



comment: VTM Bloodhunt and DMC 3. A battle royale between demon hunters and vampires with hack and slash gameplay? Sounds interesting enough



comment: Hoi4 and enlisted



comment: Totally accurate battle ground and rust



comment: For honor and red dead redemption online



comment: Ark and destiny



comment: Chorus and minecraft



comment: League of Legends and Demon Slayer the Hinokami Chronicals



comment: Escape from tarkvov and rocket leauge?



comment: Elden ring and state of decay 2? Not terrible but I can’t imagine how the gameplay would be



comment: Skyrim and Control. Basically just playing Skyrim with on telekinesis



comment: Arkham Knight and Forza Horizon 5



comment: Fall Guys + Elden Ring



comment: Im just saying, Monster Hunter and Ace Combat, I already have the ideas brewing in my thought begotten mind



comment: World of Warships and Subnautica



comment: Metro 2033 and dragon age 2



comment: Destiny and Final fantasy 14..just more gods to slay



comment: Metro exodus and red dead....hmmm interesting



comment: Destiny 2 and Animal Crossing



comment: Bloons tower defense and ratchet and clank. Sounds actually pretty dope



comment: Call of duty and Fallout 4



comment: Ark and destiny 2



comment: Rocket league and ufc4…. Hmmmm



comment: Last games i played was detroit become human and ghost of tsushima



comment: It Takes Two and A Way Out



comment: Stellaris and rising storm Vietnam



comment: Destiny and tarkov. Sounds lit



comment: Breeder of Nephylem and Call to Arms. I have no idea what this looks like.



comment: Animal crossing and overwatch



comment: witcher 3 and final fantasy 12



comment: For honor and depdapace



comment: Elden ring and portal



comment: DMC 5 and doom 😈😈😈



comment: Cod and days gone so just cod zombies with motorcycles



comment: Fortrim Elder Royale



comment: Gta5 and Jurassic World evolution 2



comment: Far cry 6 and warthunder... a ww2 far cry would be neat



comment: Raft and dbd... Another ocean horror



comment: .....Animal Crossing and The Quarry.....that's so fucking scuffed



comment: Apex and the show. Baseball’s about to get wild



comment: Hell Let Loose and Hades



comment: Risk of Rain 2 and Minecraft



comment: Far Cry 3 and Pokemon Emerald



comment: Starcraft 2 and warcraft 3. This is warcraft in space!



comment: Skyrim and COD Ghost



comment: V rising and dragon ball xenoverse 2



comment: Tiny tinas wonderlands and elden ring



comment: Monster hunter world and lego starwars... neat



comment: Elden Ring and Sea of Thieves. Sea of Ring or Elden Thieves!



comment: Elden ring and nba2k?



comment: Last 2 games I played were ark and man eater. Holy shit that would be awesome



comment: Fight night champion and UFC 4



comment: Zuma and r6 siege



comment: No man’s sky and COD is basically just destiny but survival mode.



comment: MLB The show 22 and World of Warships



comment: Pokemon firered and Lego Starwars the complete saga on ps2.



comment: Z nation and among us



comment: Elden ring and dark souls 3 nice



comment: Disco Elysium and Night In The Woods



comment: Elden ring and uh csgo i think?



comment: ELDEN ring and Valorant



comment: Skyrim and dmc5. Sounds awesome



comment: Fallout 4 and elden ring



comment: Ninja gaiden 1 and iw zombies, that would be sick



comment: Hell let loose. Deep rock galactic



comment: Metal gear solid and warhammer...how the mcfuck does that work



comment: Tiny tinas wonderland and monopoly, oooooooooooh



comment: Elden ring and lego starwars



comment: Dragon Age: Inquisition and Stardew Valley



comment: Halo x Battlefield 1



comment: Rising Storm Vietnam and Ark, Id play it.



comment: Doom and elden ring.



comment: xenoverse 2 and guild wars 2



comment: Escape from tarkov and minecraft



comment: Fallout 4 and Richard Burns Rally



comment: Minecraft x Assassin Creed Origins



comment: Halo Infinite and VRChat, hell yeah



comment: Tft and rocket league



comment: Rimworld and prison architect…….. so just rimworld….



comment: Pc building sim and valorant



comment: Ready or not/Outlast



comment: Modern warfare and Diablo immortal



comment: R6 siege and rising storm 2: Vietnam



comment: Dear God….Skyrim and Garry’s Mod.



comment: Sucker punch is actually a pretty good movie



comment: Re5 on veteran and mass effect on insanity. So just more damn husks



comment: I can't remember the last time I played a game that wasnt on my phone, I think it would be ace combat 5 or something and super mario 64



comment: Fortnite + Ultimate Chicken Horse



comment: Sakura Beach XXX + CoD BO2 Zombies



comment: Final fantasy 3 and super punch out?



comment: Left 4 dead 2 and red dead 2 Zombie cowboys



comment: minecraft with pixelmon mod and r6, the newest pokemon: c4



comment: GTA V and CIV VI, establishing a drug empire maybe?



comment: War Thunder and Dead by Daylight 🤔



comment: RDR2 and WoW. Give me that mf’ing cowboy/gun slinger class, Blizz!



comment: Kenshi and elden ring



comment: BF1 and For Honor



comment: Halo and Modern Warfare.



comment: Enchanted Arms and Spyro... Okay.



comment: Madden and wreckfest, so that 90s game NFL Blitz i guess



comment: Bloxburg and hide and seek transform on roblox



comment: Dead Rising 2 and Dark Souls…… huh



comment: This game exists, it's called Drakengard and the best part is that it fucking sucks on purpose.



comment: Project zomboid and v rising, a vampire vs zombie apocalypse survival game?



comment: Elden ring, Minecraft…. Dig down so they can’t hurt me



comment: ESO and Mario kart lol



comment: Uhhh l4d2 and fallout NV



comment: Destiny 2 and Insurgency Sandstorm. How the fuck would that even work?



comment: Dying light + god of war 2018



comment: League of Legends and Valorant



comment: Outward and smite



comment: Fortnite and GTAV?



comment: Rdr2 and destiny 2, space cowboys



comment: Fire emblem fates and Pokemon Ranger Shadows of Almia



comment: D2 and super auto pets



comment: Squad and ravenfield :/



comment: Elden ring and guitar hero. Oh wait that’s just Sekiro



comment: Elden ring and no mans sky



comment: Anime called Gate, but if Japan didnt have superior air power to the dragons.



comment: Phasmophobia and genshin



comment: MGS2 and Halo infinite.



comment: Lego star wars and ark



comment: Sniper Elite 5 and Ryse son of Rome



comment: Kingdom Come Deliverance & For Honor... well thats interesting



comment: Dragons dogma and tom clanseys the division 2



comment: Elden ring & kingdom come deliverance



comment: Human fall flat and dcuo



comment: CoD and Chivalry 2



comment: Tarkov and mordhau this sounds like a fever dream



comment: Gang beasts and modern wafare 3



comment: Halo and Minecraft. I'm pretty sure there is a mod for that already



comment: Just cause 3 and destiny 2 that seems weird



comment: horizon zero dawn and horizon forbidden West.... so just the chronology of horizon?



comment: No Mans Sky and Prototype 2? I will commit intergalactic genocide



comment: Dark Souls and Elden Ring. Hmm



comment: Phantasy Star Online 2 and Persona 5 Royal



comment: Cyberpunk and destiny 2, what a piece of shit that would be



comment: Elden Ring+ Yugioh 🤔



comment: Naruto shonobi strickers and warzone



comment: Minecraft and Dragon ball fighterz



comment: Minecraft and Garry's mod, wtf is this



comment: Check out reign of fire if you like this idea. It’s an old movie that was made into a pretty decent game



comment: league of legends and overwatch



comment: R6 and Minecraft



comment: Dbd god of war...that might work



comment: Elden ring and red dead 2 basically just elden ring with shotgun mod



comment: Left 4 Dead 2 and Red Dead Redemption 2



comment: Halo Infinite and Elden Ring. Think the UNSC can take on the Golden Order?



comment: Warframe and ark



comment: Destiny 2 and Resident Evil Village



comment: Cold War and elden ring



comment: I imagine God of War and Ace Combat (my two most recent) would have a similar but also amazing combo.



comment: Icarus and CSGO



comment: Infinite and Valhalla... This is where the fun begins



comment: Sifu and RDR2



comment: Dead by daylight and apex 💀



comment: Elden Ring and Bloodborne



comment: Gta v and pokemon ruby



comment: Kingdom hearts and Destiny 2. So like. Which one is the dominant world as a setting and which one is the dominant play style. Because playing as a guardian with weapons and light in a Disney world is much different then sora fighting nightmares on the moon



comment: Elden ring and sea of theives. We need a pirate souls game



comment: For Honor and Fallout New Vegas



comment: Titanfall 2 and skate 3



comment: The elder scrolls V Skyrim and The elder scrolls IV oblivion… so ya same universe



comment: Ready or not and escape from tarkov. That sounds badass



comment: Pokemon and League of Legends. I'm just on Pokemon Unite ig



comment: Aren't Halo reach and Halo Combat Evolved similar or,if you brave enough,same things.



comment: Lego star wars skywalker sagaand binding of isaac repentance



comment: War thunder and zombie army 4



comment: Idk how this will mix but apex and clone drone in the danger zone



comment: Super Mario party and soup knight. Good luck with that.



comment: Red dead redemption 2 and Forza 5



comment: Warzone and fortnite



comment: Overwatch and Oninaki, I have no idea of what that would look like



comment: Also what is this dragon and plane from?



comment: Rust and for honor???



comment: Pixelmon and ff15



comment: For honor and battlefront 2 yo fun lightsaber combat



comment: Ark and gta v



comment: Old school runescape and risk of rain 2



comment: Bloodborne and apex. A hunter BR would actually be fun af



comment: Bullet storm and insurgency sand storm



comment: Gta online and battlefront 2



comment: Dead by daylight and wreckfest, wouldn’t that be somethin



comment: phasmo and the sky factory craft bro scary



comment: Ww2 and 2k?



comment: Monster hunter gu and monster hunter rise... hmmm...



comment: For Honor and Yu-Gi-Oh Master Duel....My Lawbringer sending some Shinobi's ass to the Shadow Realm after OTKing him with a Gaia deck while Pony emote spamming.



comment: Traitors in Salem and Aragami



comment: tf2 and wargame red dragon wtf



comment: Destiny 2 and Chorus.



comment: Minecraft and clash of clans?



comment: D2 and R6... how tf would that turn out?



comment: Destiny 2 and no man's sky. I FUCKING WISH.



comment: Elden ring with MW 2019 guns



comment: War thunder and minecraft. So Simple Planes?



comment: Shit i got super slut sister and cold war



comment: Apexcraft



comment: Warframe and MGR



comment: Minecraft and Doki Doki Literature Club. Its just 4 anime girls playing Minecraft



comment: Borderlands 2 and stardew valley.



comment: Spider-Man PS4 and Jackbox. Oh lord.



